P: Yes and I can just go through?
P: Ok, but how do ,so now, because he falls in that target audience, like he's male, he’s in the age group, he's from the United States
P: Isn't it from 18?
P: Oh sorry, 18 to 24, that's a good thing.
P: Ok, no he's not, so I'm going to search. I cannot break his age down to make it easier?
P: How many personas do you have to do, only these 5?
P: Ok, so Phil is the only one that falls in the target group, he’s afro-american, his job is sales. I'm surprised that they have jobs by the way at 22, they're not in university anymore. And how do you decide if they're less interested in, for example, Syria? What's that ,?
P: Audience size almost 8 million similar to this persona. And it's mostly content, it's not by him right?
P: But if he's less interested in Syria, why is Syria in the top 2?
P: And again social media in top 3. He says that he's most interested in elections but the US politics is 5th in the list so and the social unrest, getting involved with the police scandal, that doesn't really fit into ,it fits into news but I think it's also like social issues, especially because he’s like afro-American, because I think that would be of most interest to him, the current events that are happening in the US. And also in his bio he likes to read about research and innovation blah blah blah, and refugees on his mobile, but is less interested in Syria even though Syria is now the biggest ,it’s the country with the most refugees, like leaving.
P: So it's actually contradicting.
P: Ok, what else should I do?
P: Ok, perfect . If I don't have patience, I would have clicked on the cross.
P: Glad I don't. And also another thing to write down as a tip, most of us have two screens, so even if I now have a case study, just because our minds are always so overwhelmed with so much content and like doing 10 to 15 tasks at the same time, we would have exactly two screens open, I would have the case study open here, so I can ,like if I'm looking for personas I would go back to say, oh yeah, just as a reminder.
P: Yes, because you want to see if it fits to have something just to make it quick, because now Phil, see, I'm already forgetting his name, he's 22 years old, I know what he's interested in, that's going to stick to me, not his name but his interests. So, police violence, research and innovation, because I think in topics and not necessarily on the person, if that makes sense? So for me it would be perfect or I'd be taking notes next to me, but I don't have right now or I need to have a screen . Start again?
P: This is actually what we’re really doing.
P: Oh good, I wonder what you guys ,what is engagement to you, what do you consider engagement?
P: But I don't think retention is engagement to be honest, it's part of it, but I think what we lack is that we don't engage the audience. So I'm on like Facebook week now and I'm working with Aisha, also signed up and both of us are looking at audience involvement and engagement, but what I've learnt in the past ,I worked with Al Jazeera from 2010 to 2014, I was called back in 2017. What we used to do is really engage, like go and get comments on people ,because people want to have that relationship, because that's engagement.
P: Yeah, because now we started ,we’ve been testing like the past few weeks, because , we get so excited, we take a screenshot of it, it's ,
P: Yeah and you should be able to ask it. Ok, nothing that I missed. Finish, oh good. I feel like I'm having a proper test, like oh my god, I'm going to fail.
P: Ok, just so you know, English is not my first language and not my second
P: No I don't, but thank you.
P: Oh sorry ,is interested in ,what I've written down so far is “dear all, I hope this email finds you well. As you all know, we're trying to boost up our engagement on our YouTube channel. Below find some information on our main persona, Phil 22 years old, from the United States, works in sales, he’s afro-American, shows interest in research and innovation.” Can I say shows interest in research and innovation?
P: Because he doesn't ,he says “he shows interest in research and innovation and refugee stories, watches content on his mobile.” If I'm not mistaken, those are about 8 minutes. Should I ,?
P: I don't want to put it in the email but I think it's 8 minutes. Ok, “ ,mobile. But if we look at the contact he is actually engaging with, it says ,mentions little interest in Syria, which contradicts with the interest he has in Syria, being the country known as the most internally displaced people and most refugee ,” what's the word? “Refugee support. But if you look police violence, gang violence, this might interest him .” Ok, target ,now. So yeah, I remember now.
P: Actually I do ,I mostly comment because he's afro-american and I think coming from an Al Jazeera perspective, I think those stories are still getting covered but not in a way I think afro-Americans want them to be covered, so they need more attention. And to me it’s not very surprising that that is his top engagement story, yeah. Ok but here is the other question, so the user campaign is to increase our engagement, right? But what kind of content are we creating? Because based on my emails to my colleagues, we still need to pin down what we’re going to choose.
P: I'm gonna go for Syria, because he said ,I'm going to go for Syria, because I'm thinking as Al Jazeera and we own that story, we’re based in the Middle East we have a lot of correspondence in this region, so even though we aren’t in the States, we have correspondence there, I don't think we have covered the afro-american story very well yet. Maybe as a program, but news related or like on social platforms based on our numbers, again this is because I'm coming from the engagement scene, I know people don't come to us or social platforms for American based stories said that for me goes to Syria.
P: Something that we’re also not good in, tagging.
P: People are not trained, it's really because people are not trained . Anyway, you get where I'm going.
P: Good, tell Ricardo. Ok, from Jordan, increase audience engagement again.
P: Same, but from the US, 10 minutes. Well I spent 10 minutes just doing nothing. Men aged 18 to 24. Oh, there's something else.
P: I see.
P: Yeah. Search, no I don't want to search by name. Ok, age 18 – 24, country United States, male, not bad so far. Sort it by I guess it's current region. I guess US midterms because that's actually happening right now. I don't know what this is because this is outside of my ,I don't know, there is just. Ok, that's how it works, why is there only one guy? So topics of interest, research and innovation, elections, news. Phil is a 22 year old male living in the United States, he works in sales, he likes to read about research and innovation. I don't think Phil is an average US person.
P: He's like interested in stuff that's ,I don't know, are average people interested in research and innovation? Ok, let me just choose something else instead of midterms. Headlines, CNN or there's Jazeera. Ok, CNN, 
P: Oh, Al Jazeera?
P: Oh ok, I guess the target group.
P: No pressure.  and he likes Naom Chomsky, I guess. He’s sort of intelligent I guess, college grad, not really, and he works in sales and he's interested in Iraq, I don’t know, Iraq war, just Iraq, Korean relations and refugees, and he looks at long videos. Most viewed contents, Baltimore police scandal, US, UK. So he likes politics, he likes sports, why he likes cricket, I don’t know. Trump's ,so he's interested in politics, and 7 million people are similar to him, almost 8 million people are similar to him. Political parties, social media marketing, research, politics and social issues, he's interested in research, politics, social issues and he likes to watch long videos apparently, news, elections. Less interested in Syria and social unrest and social media as well. But then in his most viewed contents he has Syria and social media. Anyway, so he is a college grad, single, works in you know, what is it, white collar jobs, sales? Or is it ,it's what colour, right?
P: Being a cashier . Ok, I think I'm done, this was easier.
P: Ok, just let me look at it again.
P: Ok, so 8000, almost 8000 people. Can I round it up? 8000 people are similar to him, 8 million, whoa, that's a lot. He likes politics, I guess he's interested in refugee things, how do you call it? Refugee issues, politics, research and innovation. What else is there? , social issues, research and innovation, maybe sports because he's looked at cricket, he's a college grad, not married, works in sales. That's it, right?
P:  “So the target group is interested in less politics and social issues, refugee issues,” oh yeah, “research and innovation, they're most likely single men, they work in sales or something related and they watch ,their average watching ,the target group is to 8 million people and their average watching time ,” that's how you say it? “ ,Is 8.8 minutes long. 8 million people.”
P: This time around I won't let them down, not again. “These characteristics are important because it helps us to know what are target audience is interested in.” Oh shit, something about US midterms. “US midterms, these are the five key issues candidates want to see.” I also have a video on that coming up, that's how I know. Oh shit, 
P: The first one? I don't know.  Sorry, some things that I couldn't find what it is. This one, that's a new one?
P:  Quotes, oh my God. Oh, something about Naom Chamsky, there's Al Jazeera not being very good, still adjusting things a little, cricket match fixing video. But his viewing time was 8.8 minutes, viewing time was 8 minutes and that he was single and worked in sales and he was 22. Do I have to mention it? Oh I will. That's it. Do you need other feedback?
P: I don't know what I'm doing, everything is fine, no comment.
P: That's it.
P: I am the assistant producer and I make the social videos, the extended ones on Facebook and Twitter.
P: Thanks, I'm sorry about ,
P: I couldn't find anything on that, I think that’s your point, right?
P: .
P: Cool 
P: Ok, so I should say right off the bat it’s a little murky to find, especially because I'm a new user to this, to find specifically where I should be going. I mean I suppose that Merch is ,I don't know if it's actually an individual or if it's meant to be someone, to represent someone, I don't really know.
P: Just representing. Ok, got it, interesting. Alright, so just right of the bat, I'm just trying to ,
P: Right, if I'm looking for like that specific demo, it was a little bit more intuitive than YouTube, so I could say search for a location, like that immediately narrows it down, great. Search for gender, great, narrows it down. And then I find the age groups, I don't know where to get started here.
P: So Merch falls outside of my demo, he's a close because he’s in the US. Topics of interest, not necessarily what I'm looking for. Alright, here we go. So, sort by country. Alright .
P: I'm just sort of glancing over the information that's been presented to me and I'm just sort of hoping that I'm going to glean the information that I need to glean from what is just like, what I guess is a snapshot of the things that for instance Phil here is interested in and least interested in. Alright, so research, innovation, elections, news. He likes to read about research and innovation, elections, news, Iraq. Can you speak to the fact of whether or not this is like actual ,this is an actual representation of this service? If Phil is representative of an African-American male who is 22 years old from the United States. Are these the things that he’s reading about?
P: Interesting, ok.
P: Ok, I'm not really exactly sure what to glean from all of this. So like even just the fact of knowing that he’s interested in research and innovation, what does that mean? And I can't even click into it to see like the breakdown of what sort of videos that means. Or like research and innovation, does that mean like YouTube videos on like reviewing new phones, or does it mean like deeper like NASA telescopic research or whatever? Elections, national elections, local elections? I mean, you know, it's elections now because it's right before the midterms, but what happens in a week from now? Is he still going to be interested in this?
P: News. Again, super duper broad. News is a very very broad thing to be interested in. Least interested in Syria, that's somewhat specific because I have somewhat of an idea of what's happening in Syria. Social unrest. Is that even true? I feel like I'm not even ,I don’t know.
P: Well because what does that apply? First of all what does that specifically apply to, social unrest? Obviously it can mean a lot of different things, but if it means what I'm thinking it means, being from the United States myself, I feel like it's a hot topic and it is widely posted on Facebook but then it might just be like the feedback group of my social media. And least interested in social media. So I'm not exactly sure how social media pertains to videos watched on YouTube. I don't go to YouTube specifically for social media related things, I go to YouTube for entertainment and information. And then here we go, most viewed content, social unrest, but if that's least interested then why is it on the most viewed content? Like this is sort of video I was talking about, ‘US – the gang within the Baltimore police scandal,’ that's ,when I think about social unrest, that's what I think of, and that is a hot topic issue. 
Most viewed content, Syria, why is that up top? Social media, why social media posts? I guess I'm really not sure what this information is really telling me, it seems a little conflicting. 7.8 million people similar to this persona, interesting. And I guess I would ,I think I would like to see how this person stacks up to other demographics, kind of like with the Egypt thing, but I think I only have that idea because I saw it previously, I found it really useful. Like I presume it's gonna ask me to write a headline devoted to this person? It was not easy to do for the other one because it's again very broad information, but like how do I write a headline for someone who I know just like likes research and innovation? It's just two general.
P: His average viewing running time is 8.8 minutes, I don't know what to do with that information. How many ,I just don't know what to do with that, can I click into any of this? What is this?
P: Ok, cool. Topics of interest, yeah. And is this like ,what are these topics pulled from? Like there are so many topics, you know, 12 or 13 topics. It's probably a pool from much larger, right?
P: Yeah. So I guess this is like stuff to stay away from and stuff to lean towards. Like the 7 or 8 things to stay away from and then like the 4 or 5 things to lean towards, I don't know. Ok, I'm just taking a look at these quotes by persona. . That was tricky, that was trickier.
P: Ok cool, good.
P: Ok good . Already feel less confident. Like it goes against my better judgement to write what I learnt, what I think I learnt, which is ,
P: Ok
P:  Yeah, it's just my fault.
P: 
P: I completely invented that out of my head.
P: Ok.  Wait, this is all ok, great.
P: I don't think I looked into that. .
P: Great, no problem.
P: For YouTube I mean it was just ,
P: Like to actually locate the information on ,?
P: On YouTube if 5 is the most difficult, I'll call it like a 2.
P: Yes, I thought so.
P: I mean I would call it like a 4, and that's only because writing in all the information I was able to sort of see, the more I thought about it, the more I guess I sort of understood about that demo, but it's just because of the way that the information is presented. It's like with YouTube it's just numbers, how do I contextualise that? And with persona analytics it was like, here's some contextual information, which I didn't totally trust, just because of the information was ,
P: Just because it was like saying, like this is like the demo, you know, like this is just like a snapshot, a demo and just seeing that it's like ,it was like it put too much of a face on the demo, as opposed to saying here are some numbers, take from this what you will. Instead it was more like, you know, just like I didn't really ,like that demo didn’t really speak to me. I mean I guess  it's just as an oversimplification of a demo it seems, I don't know.
P: Ok, and to me it made some of the information that was there a little difficult to trust, you know, like not to mention that it did have what I perceived as like conflicting information there is what was most interested in but then here are they stop videos, you know.
P: Yeah, great.
P: Awesome, no, thank you.
P: Well here I'm seeing that our stories of refugees is definitely something that this guy would be interested in.
P: Yes, he's 25. I think it was 18 to 25 or 18 to 20, I'm not sure, now I can't remember.
P: 24, ok ok. So he's out of our target group, but he likes everything we cover, which is Iraq, news, refugees. Then we have ,he’s also above our ,so I'm not going to waste my time, he’s above our target group. 22, ok, so his viewing time is about 8.8 minutes, his average video viewing time. So if he's interested as his claims Iraq, news, Korea relations and refugees, then that tells me at least it’s high, 8.8 minutes is high for an average viewer viewing video content. So I would prefer to definitely get videos targeted to him during peak hours on US time, so I need to know where is he, where in the US is he from? He doesn't say, just United States. So that's not specific, so I don't know, east coast, west coast? Because I can target videos that touch on those topics that he's interested in, specifically for that time, peak times, but I don't know where in the US he resides in. So I'm glad he's interested in topics that we cover. The following two are also not our base and the other one is a woman, so.
P: Ok, that means, you know, 8.8 minutes average viewing is not bad, provided the audience engagement is high, like retention span, because views is not always retention span? Like you can get 5000 views on a video but if people only watched it for 8 seconds, it's not a good thing, like we want them to be able to watch it for 2 minutes. Anyway, that's it. Do I go to another one?
P: Yeah, there is only one guy that is the target group for me, the others are all above the target age, that I was asked to learn of. It's about 10.9, so he's also like 10.9, his is more, but he's 25. Yep, that's my thing.
P: I'm also rushing because I'm so busy . But there was only one out of all of them.
P: Ok  The target group only had one person that was within the target age.
P: Oh ok yeah, somewhat. Then I'll just go, I'll leave it there actually. . Ok, with that guy he likes ,so if he's interested in Iraq and refugee stories, are you asking me to give a title that would touch on that for him?
P: I can do two.
P: What is this? I thought I did ,ok?
P: 
P: Louder? I'm reading this one. Ok, arts, entertainment, sports and media, he likes to read ,
P:  So I select from here?
P: So should I select someone from here?
P: Mh hm
P: 
P: Ok, I understand all of this now.
P: Yeah, this is our target audience because it fits, he’s male and he's in the age of 18 to 24, he's interested in ,we have more or not? Only this, right? Ok.
P: I am looking through the jobs part, career.
P: This one, he likes to read about general news.
P: Ok, I have to think loudly about this.
P: He's reading about  because it's Jordan, ok.
P: Ok, I push here finish or?
P: Yeah, to memorize all this or?
P: Yes, so I'm looking at a bunch of profiles, Mort is a 25 year old male living in the United States and works in the sales field. He likes to read about research, innovation, Iraq news, JSSA and watches on his desktop. His average video viewing time is about 10.9 minutes. Ok, so what am I supposed to do here?
P: So just read the profiles?
P: So I'm looking at Phil, 22 year old male living in the United States and again works in the sales field. He likes to read about research, innovation, elections, news, Iraq, Korean relations, and views on his mobile. His average viewing time is about 9 minutes. Ok, I go to more demographics, my demographics. Can I go in and out?
P: Ok, I'm trying to sort my matches here according to the age and I only see one person here who is in my demographic and I think that's it. I think I know about this man and I don't have anybody else from my demographic right now in this list, I don't know how to look for more.
P: I know about this person because that's the only ,ok if it's a persona then yeah, I know everything about this.
P: Ok, just a quick look again,  18 to 24, male, from Jordan.
P: Al Jazeera English
P: Description of the target group, male, age 18 to 24 from the United States.
P: I don't know what the hell is this.
P: I guess this is a persona, 25 year old male living the United States, he works in the sales field, he likes to read about research and innovation. So this is a persona. Topics of interest, quotes by the persona, “this is the reason why I never visit Latin America.” Chinese, he's a Chinese ,
P: So it was 18 to?
P: Oh ok, this guy doesn't even fit the bill.
P: 18 – 24, this is our guy. Phil is 22 years old, living in the United States and works also in the sales field, he likes to read about research, innovation, elections, news, Iraq, Korea relations, refugees. His average video viewing time is about 8 minutes, he's less interested in social media, Syria and social unrest. He's more interested in research and innovation, elections and news. Yeah, so all these doom and gloom Middle East stories, not so much more into research and tech and stuff. Elections, pardon me. Most viewed content, again with the Baltimore police scandal, Syria. Still he likes to watch the Syria story, the UN proposal to create ,cricket, he's into cricket, maybe into science, 7.8 million people similar to this dude Phil, 22 year old sales person. Ok, what else?
P: But I guess this is just one person, so we don't have a female? Oh, ok, interesting. So audience size is ,I guess this is acumulative ,so this is the lowest audience, this is the highest audience sorted by audience size, so I guess it's only the 2nd from below, young dudes from the United States are not a big audience for us. Let's go on matching current reach. What does that mean current reach?
P: So our youngest audience, or at least the persona that comes with our youngest audience in general. This doesn't do anything, this is nonsense. Search personas. Philip, ok I got that. Ok, so it's definitely not the biggest audience size that we are after. Actually only the second smallest. So most viewed are social media, news, politics. So you see, they are not interested or the biggest audience is not interested in US politics, that’s interesting. Also our biggest audience is interested in research and innovation, Iraq and social unrest, whereas this one shows research and innovation , what the hell! Interesting. News, elections, research and innovation. Alright, finished.
P: . The target group is currently the second smallest group, 7.8 million dudes, men between 18 and 24, the group is interested in tech and innovation, elections and news and not interested in Syria. What was the other thing?
P: Alright, not so much in Syria, yeah. 
P: I think it's about 5.  
P: The Jordan one?
P: I can't remember.
P:  There were no comment.
P:  Mostly captured by related videos.
P: Tech and innovation, elections I think what it was.  I can't remember specifically.
P: Experience reviewing personas, not experienced. Experience in using analytics, not at all experienced. Feedback, no.
P: 8 years.
P: It looks very complicated, so I think it needs a proper tutorial. So how difficult I found it, probably a 4 or 5.
P: It's maybe easier, so maybe at 3 out of 5.
P: Thank you
P: I can take notes?
P: No? Because my memory is bad, ok.
P:  Oh my God, there’s the memorizing
P:  Ok.
P: Ok
P: Ok 
P: So even if I'm just reading?
P: Ok, I'm checking the first persona, which is male, 25 United States. What kind of content they’re viewing, the most viewed content, show trending content, yes. Live streaming. Again Jamal  is trending, content about Jamal.
P: 
P: Ok, I'm looking more about people from the personas group, which are between the age of 18 to 24, male and from the United States. Phil is one of those personas, they're interested in content related to Syria, interesting. Some social media, Iraq, US politics. The audience size is 7.8 million.
P: Ok, the quotes by personas, reach. Ok, well Phil is the yellow one. So the reach is ,the United States is the biggest portion in terms of reach and audience size. Ok, so their interests political party, social media marketing, research, politics and social issues and language. So let's see by age, interested topics, research and innovation, elections and news. Ok, so do I need to do anything other than observing the personas?
P: Ok, I'm looking at the topics of interest for the target personas, research and innovation, interested in research and innovation, elections, news, Iraq. Ok, less interested in UK US politics.
P: I'm just trying to explore the tool to see what kind of interest we can get from each of these metrics. So ok, I think it's done.
P: . I don't remember the characteristics, I remember there was the 7.8 million from this target audience.
P: 
P: It’s in the USA.
P: 
P: I'm trying to look at analytics on the ages of 18 to 24 years, United States and the topics that are interested in. The problem is my perception of analytics should look like, therefore for me it's ,most important, this is what are topics of interest for this persona. Audience size.
P: This is more of what I think analytics to be because it took awhile to understand that the is a pattern that is yeah, it's supposed to be some sort of graph, but it wasn't clear .
P:  24 this is also out of the target group.
P: So why am I looking for this? Why this is not ,
P:  This is annoying.
P: Yeah this keeps on
P: If this is what he's watching, technology and politics, he's interested in international relations and . What was I looking for? Age 18 to 24.
P: Male, United States, this is male, this says 18 to 24, the same age group. And I was supposed to look for?
P: Yes, ok. That's a very poor view of poor people.
P:  is politically oriented in terms of his topics of interest yet he is less interested in Syria, which is one of the major conflicts of Asia, and social unrest. So he doesn't like social unrest or is that he’s pro establishment? I don't know, social unrest, or is it that he’s pro peace, he doesn't like unrest? I don't know which one of those he's less interested in, but that doesn't mean he's not interested, he's less interested compared to other things, what he’s more interested in, which is research and innovation.
P: I would say I am ,.
P: I could go on because it’s in my head, I can ,
P: I'm very confident, I would say probably I'm 8 out of 10,  cover the number of countries that he might be interested in with these views of his, or he wants to know what most people think of him or the country.
P: 
P: What do you mean by YouTube analytics? This is the ,
P: Oh yeah, most interested in. I couldn't find this.
P: I'm not sure what was the audience of the target group . Again?
P: What is something else you recall? Target group, 75% or 14% watch this 73% were male. What category
P: This is correct
P: 
P: And it was science. . Ok, that one is elitist, I would say ,I would say that's enough.
P: Thank you.
P: It was very interesting. So it's the same information but one is the US, one is Jordan?
P: That was the difference between the two. One was more of graphs and yeah, you had to get in two different places to search.
P: And it was there. This one, it took me a while to understand it, to work out architecture of the page to see what's where.
P: After I did I think the question then became clear, not as clear but it became more clear, whereas in the beginning you try not to forget the question, but then you've got all this data which is everywhere, and then halfway you say what was I looking for? And then you have to go back and say ,yeah, this is very interesting exercise.
P: The last 16 years
P: All the other people, yeah. I work with  as a cameraman.
P: I am the head of planning, news planning.
P: Maximum. I would say was a 5
P: The second one was more wordy, it was more ,it had words, it had titles, it was in boxes. It's almost as if you open your cupboard and you've got your spices in boxes and then you know what you're looking for, it's either in this box or that box, whereas the other one it's like you’ve got ,it is more like everything is ,it's not even labelled, you have to move. Let me give this example, just staying with that spice thing, if you don't know what you're looking for, then analytical is almost like I give you the actual spices dried up and you have to look by look to see what you are looking for, whereas the other one it gave you by name, so if you know what you're looking for, you look at the name of the spice.
P: Yeah, the first one is almost like you see them crushed ,
P: But you don't know what it is because now it's been taken to a whole level, it's not the actual spaice at all, it's been changed into a different , it's a different category of knowledge.
P: It's refined here, it's almost like going beyond the matrix, you know, understanding those details.
P: For which one?
P: For the other one I was saying I would give it 4.
P: No no no
P: I would say 2, yes. I won’t give it 1 because , so it's not just that.
P: OK, I am the most person who talk a lot.
P: Ok, so I'm looking at Khaled, he’s from Egypt. So I would so , he’s from Jordan. So, these all the personas you have. Sorry,I moved my eyes. So these are all the personas?
P: So you generate only 5 profiles?
P: For the study, yes. So just let me have a look at Jordan, so  US politics.
P: Yes, so for me that's expected, you know, because for me I looked at  and ethics and like for me this is expected. Audience size, so this is interesting for me in the campaign, so I can benchmark when I want to create a campaign or create a YouTube campaign. And I can say I can reach 70k, but I need to see the return of investment if I want to like gain females, shall I go with the females on the campaign? So I need to just ,the females are like, from this persona, I can say, ok if I want to target Jordan for men specific, I would give them the content that is only for this show. So if I want ,because he's watching this, but he might be interested in something else. So I'm going to direct him to other content that I have in my channel.
P: Yeah. So quotes by persona. So quotes by persona, is this the comments by this persona? Like for me when I read in Arabic, , greetings from a Moroccan. So that is not reflecting the Jordanian persona because the dialect is tougher. So when he says like I am Moroccan, maybe he's registered on YouTube as he's from Jordan, so we need to double-check from API if this is connected, like is this analysis or the sentiment analysis for this content is kind of relying on YouTube API location for the profile or it's learning from what Jordanians are saying, because he's Jordanian but the persona is Jordanian, but I'm not expecting from a Jordanian persona to say ,
P: Male living in Jordan, yeah. So yeah, this is interesting for me, if I like looked at ,I would like to see like, ok, a male living in Jordan, but the dialect ,so what is like ,because there are many ,detecting the dialect would be interesting for me. Because let's say if I have persona from Saudi Arabia, I'm looking let’s say I'm going to Saudi Arabia persona, so we all know that Qatar persona, I have around 200 million population, around 400k or 300k are Egyptians, 600k are Indians. So he's living in Qatar and he’s engaging with content from Qatar, but that doesn't mean that he's Qatari. So how we can detect the language or the dialect? So this is kind of interesting for me, so I can understand more my audience.
P: Let's say the number says in Saudi Arabia there are like ,this is one of my colleagues told me, there are 7 million Sudanese and Saudi Arabians, so we would like to know, these people who are expats and Sudanese how they're like, because we've seen not say on Twitter, not YouTube, people who engage with ,
P: So the dialect thing is interesting for me.
P: Yeah, so I will go like if I want to choose the personas, if I’m targeting my existing audience, I will go with this persona. I will go with the interests of this persona, but if I'm not targeting my existing audience, I want to reach a new audience, I think ,
P: Explore and reach. I expected he's from ,
P: Oh I need to look, I was like what's happening when I resumed. So I'm trying ,. I know because I'm working there, because we have like an Egyptian creator, so we have the expose at that moment, but if someone ,oh sorry.
P: Oh, my time is up?
P: That's ok because the mouse is not working, I keep like ,
P: Yeah, because I am a Mac user.
P: Ok, I think I need to go back to ,I'm just thinking how much time I have in the survey here, in the email.
P: Ok, I want to say like find the content that is somehow similar to ,and topic for the show, like what I want to say is like find the content that is similar to ,
P: Oh, ok sorry.
P: “Promote the content that is similar to ,” I want them to ,if they want to promote content I want this content to have some topics from  where like if we have a story, it's not like a shock.
P: Can I change it to Arabic? Is it possible to change it to Arabic?
P: If I remember, ctrl+shift.
P: Ok  I'm expecting this persona will interact with this content.
P: Okay. 
P: Uh-huh.
P: Okay. Yeah.
P: Oh okay. That's good. 
P: Okay.
P: Yeah. 
P: Yeah.
P: Did they?
P: Yes.
P: So now I'm expected to write a report about him.
P: Okay. Where do I write it?
P: Alright. 
P: Memorise. 
P: Oh I see. Okay. Okay. Let's see.  reading the rest of the page.

P: . List three characteristics. These are not specific or just general characteristics. How specific? Mention three characteristics.
P: Okay.  So it's any story, right? 
P:  

P: You worked in sales. 
P: Market segment? 
P: It's 25. 27. She was out of my league. We said 27, right? 
P: 18 to 24. These are out. I'm not using them. I don't have any of them. 
P: 18 to 24. . Topic of interest. How come I can't click on this one?
P: Election. He's more interested. I would think he's more interested in election.
P: I can't click on it. When I click ,. Okay, got it. Less interested in the black American ,  African American may mean a relation. He wouldn't give a shit about that. He wouldn't give a shit about Syria.
P: So it stays like that?
P: You see, when I do election, it stays. 

P: I would say less interested. And it doesn't move because I wanted to make sure it stays. 
P: Yeah, he's more interested in this. I keep this one because it's not something that he's interested in. Syria. Wherever I am, I am with Palestine. Never think Al Jazeera is good. .
P: And fortunately, this is what  think. Never think that Al Jazeera is good. It's financed by the same group as 911, because that's the mentality. They put Al Jazeera with Bin Laden because Bin Laden is ,. the first videos we got, we got them from Bin Laden. And it was published on Al Jazeera. So they think we're financed by terrorists. For a black American? Yeah. 
P: Don't worry. There are a lot of powerful countries and people out there to make sure this will never happen. I'm sorry. Whenever I am, I am with Palestine. Definitely, black Americans usually support Palestine. 
P: Excellent video. Amazing how power corrupts. Always. Anytime the foundation , definitely, he will look into this. Yes. Politics. Trump's top general in Afghanistan. Yes, he would look into this one for one reason because he almost got killed while he was in Afghanistan. Yeah. Am I done? 
P: Kind of. He's  video. I think this was the first video.
P: Yes. Election. I can do more than one.
P: At 22 and a college grad.  
P: The next. 
P: What topic was the target group most interested in? Which one? The Jordanians? 
P: Okay.  And this is written wrong, but I know.
P: This is the Jordan.
P: Okay. Next. Your team is preparing Youtube monitoring compared to your audience engagement. 
P: Jordan. 
P: Okay. Jordan.
P: Alright. 
P: Do you have to log in? 
P: Alright. Do you have a kind of feedback about this? I'm really interested to have that.
P: Okay, here we go. 
P: Yeah, it's male, 18 to 24. This time, it's with Jordan. Okay. So, gender, age, country. Such personas. Jordan. Okay. Jordan. Okay. So this is the personas. 
P: It constitutes typically what kind of audience that we are looking for. Right? 
P: Yeah. So persona is Osama. He is a man, 24, and living in Jordan. So interested in the arts and entertainment. Okay. So he will have more details about the kind of niche that I'm already looking for. 
P: So in general, they love arts, entertainment, and sports, media fields. 
P: And they like to read General News, World News on their mobiles. The average video views time is about 4.14 minutes. Okay, that's good. Oh, very interesting. Okay. .
P: Alright. So I wasn't wrong about the show. They're interested in Nicholas . 
P: They are interested in the show. Okay. So most viewed content was the last episode of . 
P: Okay. So this man is really interested in our show, . Typically, 717,000 people are similar to this persona. Okay. That's perfect. 
P: Because that's the kind of audience that we are looking for. Yeah. 
P: That's it. I can write the email.
P: Okay. I will take this.
P: I can't do a copy?
P: Really?
P: Alright. Most interested: General news and World news. Social media. Less interested. Social media. General news. World news. And . 
P: I have to ,.
P: Yeah, not immediately clear, but I have to just focus on it to try and understand what it is about. 
P: Okay. Interested in General news. World news. Audience sizes. Okay. We have the audience size. Okay. I didn't catch the audience size. So here by numbers, I have 770K.  Okay. But what is this? Audience size? Current reach? Where is the current reach? It should like a pop-up information explaining the current reach. 
P: The shares?  Is it the shares that Osama shares or the total sharing the same content or ,..
P: Yeah. Because we have the same ,. we have the share here in the audience size and we have another share here in the current reach. 
P: Current reach. What is that? Country? I think I have to spend more time to understand the buttons.
P: But here, perfectly, I can just pick the audience size, the interests of Osama and ,. what else? Just one second. Sorry, what is it?
P: Okay. 
P: Osama. Okay. General news. And he's commenting on the videos of . What is that? It's not clear, I think. 
P: Chronology. The chronology is not really understandable.
P: Okay. So the audience size. So here, I can just compare between Egypt and Jordan and recommend if we can target the Egyptians, because the audience size here is 4 million.
P: So, so if I choose between targeting Jordan or Egypt, I will definitely go for Egypt because the audience size is better.
P: But here, we are focusing on the marketing on Jordan. 
P: So the size is 717K. And what else? What is that? I have no idea. 
P: Okay. I'm going to ,.
P: Yeah, I'm going to just return back to . That's it. That's it. 
P: Yeah. Yes. Okay. I'll write the email. 
P: In the same email, please write the Youtube title that you think will resonate with the target group. Okay. Yeah. It will change my mind about the show. Have you ever seen Nicholas  naked? 
P: Yeah. Have you ever seen Nicholas  naked? And this title is related ,.
P:  ,to the satiric show. 
P:  ,.which means we can just write something like that for the news. It's only for the show and they are interacting. This title is related to . Satiric. Alright. 
P: The Youtube system. 
P: Okay. 
P: Okay. What topics were the target group most interested in? Which shows? Okay. What was one of the comments from the target group? 
P: I didn't catch it. 
P: What are some videos the target group was interested in? I don't understand the question here. 
P: Oh, what are some videos the target group was ,.  ah, ah, sorry. Okay. 
P: . Alright. What is something else you recall about the target group? Other facts? 
P: In the Youtube?
P: The 30% of total watching time. I'm not very confident about that. 
P: Watching time on our Youtube channel. Alright. 
P: For the persona. Okay. What topics were the personas interested in?
P: Okay. There are two topics they are interested in. The general news. The persona is most interested in the general news, but at the same time, it was interacting with the show. 
P: You get the point?
P: Yeah. So they have to mention that or not.
P: Okay. Okay. General news was mainly the interest of our audience. And at the same time, they are interacting with the show. Alright. 
P: What was one of the ? Do I have to write it in Arabic? 
P: No. The .
P: Okay. The  in Arabic was, 'Nicholas, you were awesome. Nicholas, you were awesome'. Nicholas is the presenter. 
P: The strong presenter. The satiric , 
P: Yeah. The  satiric show's presenter. Okay. You were awesome. What awesome video the persona was interested in? 
P: The Nicholas show. 
P: Specifically, the last episode.
P: What is something else you recall about the personas? I think I already did. Yeah, I mean the 717K. The size. What else? And the interaction with the shows. Okay. That's it. 
P: Okay. What is in personas?
P: Yeah. We use that.
P: Yeah. We use that.
P: But we don't have a tool. 
P: Okay. Good. Is it free? 
P: Experience with videos. Moderator. And the feedback. It was nice meeting you. 
P: Alright. Next.
P: Almost three years. 
P: I'm a community manager. 

P: Yeah. Do you know what that is? 
P: Yeah. Posting, interacting with the fans, responding to comments, producing some videos sometimes.
P: Yeah, we do produce sometimes. 
P: Sorry? 
P: Facebook, Twitter, and Youtube, but mostly facebook and twitter.
P: Yeah. 
P: How difficult was the experience with the Youtube Analytics? 
P: It was a little bit difficult.
P: Three. 
P: Personas? Very easy. I will get two.
P: Yes. 
P: Okay. That's it. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you very much. Hope to see you again
P: It's a lot. I can't scroll down in here?
P: Oh, I can.
P: Twenty nine.  females and males. 
P: Oh, age. There we go. This is the only guy that's relevant to me. 18-24.
P: Okay. Elections. News on elections. Is that all you're giving me? He's the only relevant guy. 
P: Okay. Fine. I know what you want me to do. 
P: 7 million. 700,000 people like him.
P: So politics. American politics. Elections. . Okay. So anything related to Donald Trump. Refugees. Donald Trump. Okay, fine. Next. 
P: Oh, I am describing . That's it. 
P:  
P: Okay.
P: How confident are you , based on what you told me?
P: Pretty confident.  
P: Same thing just for the U.S? 
P: Is it not the same thing? 
P: Let's see what they are interested in. But they're also interested in , and yes, they come to other .
P: What!
P: dr.jim.jansen@gmail.com. 
P: Target group?
P: 25  
P:  22 is my target group. A piece from the U.S. I can deal with people. Not with numbers. 
P: Thank you. His average viewing time is about 8.8 minutes. 
P: I am just reading this. Job: Sales. College graduate. Not married. Good. Quotes by him. Okay. Continue, Al Jazeera. I wish you more success. Thank you. Okay. That's a good one. 
P: This one. 
P: It's a good film . It's a -month investigation. 
P: Yes. So that is good. He watched. What do I do with this? Oh,  also watched this. So it's like 7,000 ,. Okay. One, two, three, four, five. That's a big one based on gender. Political party. He like documentaries. These are all documentaries. 
P: He likes investigations. He likes , it's like foreign politics. This is like totally an investigation into corruption. 
P: Yes. Okay. This, I'm not sure. That's unusual. Everything else, I've worked on. Good. 
P: No. Yeah, I know. 	
P: So many people watch this. Why they should be watching this. 
P: Yes. Really. 
P: So I think it's much better to watch that stuff. You just learn more. 
P: But that's a personal opinion that I shouldn't impose on persona. 
P: Yeah. This is not social media. The Match Fixers is not about social media. We have to work on our tagging. How do we know that? Okay. Do I have to look for someone else as well? 
P: No, she's too old. I have to look at Phil. No? 
P: Okay.
P: His quotes are ,. no, I won't remember them. 
P: . It works better for me.
P: I don't know what to do. 
P: Okay. 
P: Like I am not going to remember everything.
P:  

P: Let me just do another one.
P: I'm not sure if that's the same. But that was Phil. I should've compared with the other ones how big they are. I didn't. Feels like it's a lot. 
P: Yes. That's something I'd be interested in. It sounds like a big number, but again like how big is it? 
P: I like it though. I have to say. He likes films that I've put up. They are good films. That he's not going for the bad ones. Does it matter how many views the videos get that they watch? Does it tell me that there are , what does it tell me? Do they watch popular content or they just watch stuff that's they're interested in. What does it tell me? Because I can't remember how many views the films got. That doesn't matter, I guess. ,
P: Really? 
P: Okay. If it's my team, I am like, "They only watch our stuff". 
P: They watch our stuff. It is really good to know. 
P: It's  they're not interested in business. It's like it's another term.
P: It's probably economics but it's more like social economics. They actually do watch the typical male documentaries, I would say. 
P: That's a typical male but it's like usually the fault line stuff. It's like that is produced for this target group. 
P: So it is like it's usually related to Trump and current affairs. 
P: It is based in the U.S. It's produced in the U.S. It's like it's just U.S related topics. So that's like , it's really like whatever they do is about Trump, the rise of Trump or like how he affects environmental issues, how he affects like everything that's related to U.S. It's really like it's U.S politics but not just internally. That's what I think. It's like that's the typical content. So like the war on gangs.
P: That's the typical fault line. 
P: I think even it could be like it's gangs or it's like it's immigration. It's like it's a  crime. It's like it's good.
P: It's like it's good in depth, but it's not too heavy. It's not like too complicated.
P: No, it's like I just feel it's like it's now produced like the  was a woman, right? 
P: It's good. 
P: I do think it's like it's definitely for a U.S audience. Anyway, I'm not writing that down. 
P: I could. 
P: What else do I remember about him? He wishes us success. But I am not putting that down. 
P: Huh? 
P: Yeah, I should. He seems to be like loyal  Al Jazeera. 
P: I don't know if that's , but it's like if someone makes comments about like generic ,.like on not just about the content type but about the people, about the channel. That probably means they are loyal or they're like ,
P: Regular. Wow. Phil likes us.
P: Yes, we do. Iraq. I mean the Iraq , but it's like he also liked Afghanistan. So I have to write more. 
P: I can write more Phil. I remember a lot about Phil. 
P:  I think it's enough. 
P: Okay. I'm confident. Can I go back? Because I actually thought it was interesting that the stuff that he watched ,. I'm not sure how much he actually watches things that we think the U.S likes because we had a lot of like saying, "Oh I like everything about . I cooked a part of that group but I'm not male. Anyway, I am not putting that in. 
P: Okay. Youtube video. The title. The title. He watches the title. 
P: Can we check if Phil watched the video that I suggest?
P: Can I?
P: So the list is longer. So I could check if Phil actually watched them, like the  to Iraq.
P: I don't know what  for this one. Sorry, this will take an hour. 
P:  No, this will take another two minutes because  best title I want.
P: How Trump ,. I'd be interested to know if he also likes veteran stuff. How Trump ,. I . I'm more like how he stills funds , like how Trump still funds terror. 
P: We are not getting anywhere here. 
P: My team is not used to shitty titles like that.
P: Awesome. 
P: Well, they shouldn't leave people alone. Anyway, he might be interested in that. Right?
P: Good effort. Yeah. Okay.
P: What? 
P: What topics? I didn't look at it. 
P: No. No. I can. I can. The topics. It was like the pigeons and they liked Middle East MBS. MBS.
P: Yeah. So they liked MBS. They liked , well, the livestream doesn't matter. Does it? That's not the topic. 
P: It's not the topic. I assume it's not the topic, but it's like it's the news. It's more like a ,. it's a way of how they consume it. 
P: It's like they are most likely news watchers. I should have put that down earlier. Shouldn't I? Now that I'm thinking about it. 
P: Oh it's one of the comments, but I don't know. I never looked at those. MBS livestream. They liked Egypt pigeons.
P: I guess they like politics.
P: Middle-East politics. Okay.  to comment from the target group. Which target group? The first one?
P: Did not look at it. 
P: Not interested . No, I was overwhelmed by numbers. That happens to me. 
P: . Oh, I just said that. I think I can just copy and paste. I take that out here. What is something else you recall about the target group? Not much. It should have been the second test for me. It should've been the other way round. What do I recall about the target group? 
P: They did not make a big impression on me.
P: No, I didn't. 
P: Nothing. Wow. That I don't know anything about them although I was supposed to look? 
P: I don't recall anything. Overwhelmed by numbers. 
P: This is amazing. Yeah. That's just what you need. What topics were the persona most interested in? Oh yeah. I can do that. 
P: Yeah. 
P: I'm going to put that down before. Okay. What topics were the persona most interested in? He was interested in Iraq,  relations, politics ,  I'd say U.S foreign relations, but he didn't say that in the ,. oh, refugees was one of them as well. What else? What else? Economics. What was one of the quotes of the persona? I wish you success.  But he said something about good job, Al Jazeera but I can't remember.
P: He also said other things, but I'm not putting those down. I can't remember. What are some of the videos . Match Fixers. And the first was the war on gangs. This is my job title, by the way.
P: That's why you can tell.  
P: Like I remember titles from 10 years ago. 
P: This is how I work. 
P: Yeah, that's why I'm still here. People like to keep me as a mascot. 
P: That's what I do.
P: Yeah, because it's like sometimes , do you remember the , I don't know if you remember. Like this week, there was a story about blasphemy in Pakistan.
P: In 2013, we did an interview with the daughter of the guy who was killed because of that person who was released from jail. 
P: So they're telling that story of the person. They talked to the lawyer. They talked to the girl who's like the journalist whose dad was killed. He was a governor of Punjab and he stood up for that Christian lady who was then jailed for nine years and was now released after nine years or something. 
P: So back then, it was like we did that. Part of that was like they met different people in Pakistan. It was like about blasphemy laws but part of it wasn't her story. So the girl was like, "Oh we visited her in jail with my dad". It's like, you know, it's like it's a very ,.
P: So I was like, "We have this. Can we clip this up and put it on  or like is there anything you would like to do with it?" 
P: So that's what I do. 
P: I wish I could do more. 
P: No, because it's like we have this. We have like ten years of like really , like back then, we had so much money. We did so much good stuff. 
P: And we did all these stuff. Like we have that. 
P: Yeah. What is something else you recall about the ,. the second one was a new story. So that's why I don't remember. What is something else you recall about the persona? He was 22. College Grad. Sales. You know what that means. Well, black. That's  probably ,.
P: It's like important. Not. Maybe not, but that's maybe why he watches the war on gangs. Maybe not. Anyway. What else do I recall about him? Well, it said he was not interested in social media stuff, but one of the things he watched was tagged to social media. That what I recall. 
P: I shouldn't , I don't know how to write that down without writing a whole novel. He is not too interested in social media. Like in terms of topic, right? I have to remember more. It seems he writes long quotes. 
P: Not just long quotes. He uses smiley stuff. Emojis.
P: But not too much. That's something that I find really ,. because we have that discussion in  
P: Using emojis on Youtube, for example. Emojis, but not too much. 
P: I just don't think it's ,. I don't know. I'm like one of those ,. like we've had ridiculous ones like I have to remove some that ,. it's like if you have something about child marriage and you have a baby and a ring next to it, I think that's just not ,
P: So I'm like , so it's like yes you can ,. if you think a flag works better, that's fine. You can't just use it for everything on the news channel. 
P: No, like us. 
P: Well, he can express himself. I thought that was like , I mean, obviously, he's a college grad but still it's like ,. he's like , he actually , he could string a sentence together. That's very negative but that's something I noticed. 
P: But I should , should I?
P: I do whatever I want. 
P:  I am surpried. Like he still likes us. 
P: Okay. Age. Country of origin. Germany.
P: Yeah. 
P: And what did you guess? 
P: So it was like the German versus Dutch or ,.
P: Okay. I'm using personas. I don't know. In my experience when , like we've sat together and we've come up with people. 
P: So I think I am . I'm not experienced with Youtube analytics. 
P: Because really that's something I ask people to do. 
P: It's just something ,. like I'm interested in , like if someone tells me this is what we're doing , this is what like we're doing right because of this. I'm interested in that.
P:  But I cannot gather the information myself obviously.
P: He's interested in Iraq. He's interested in the Middle East pretty much. 
P: About him.
P: Okay. Wow. Israel . 
P: Okay. Eccentric you guy.
P: He's interested in the Middle East, but he's not interested in  news. He's interested in , I'm not really sure how to describe it, but he's interested in very niche perspectives on ,. he's interested in races and how ,. I don't know if I should be saying races but how different people, different ethnicities perceive the role of women in society. 
P: Nigeria is such a big  women and how Western women are not perceived to be as docile as Asian women. 
P: "do everything a woman is supposed to do for their family, just like Eastern European women". So he's really generalizing it since he thinks that Eastern European women are more of  
P: He's interested in  .
P: . That's in line with the Khashoggi investigation.
P: Okay. 
P: Okay, so what I write is about that guy.
P: What's his name? 
P: Alright. Yeah. That seems . I think that's the title of the ,. 
P: Then I go on to the next. Am I doing alright? 
P:  
P: 19 to 24?
P: .
P: How do I get more people? 
P: Like my age group is 18 to 24.
P: So these people will be too old. Like 27-year-olds. 
P: Yeah. It's like if you ask someone what do you like to read about, this is like the formal answers they'll give you.
P: Like I like to read or watch videos about pygmy , etc. 
P: No, I mean it doesn't feel personal enough. 
P: But this is our content. 
P: So it's also informed by what we actually put out. That makes sense.
P: Yeah, but I want to know what they look like in their other life. 
P: Do you see what I mean?
P: It's like if you wanted to .
P: If you wanted to tweak wording to attract more casual eyes per se, what would be looking at that we don't already have?
P: Males seem to look at our longer videos. Eight minutes. Ten minutes. This guy  4.5 minutes. Maybe he's looking at some of our shorter pieces. 

P: I cannot be what? 
P: How long can I spend here? 
P: Okay.
P: No, it's because I don't gather necessarily insights right away. It  time.
P: Alright. ,
P: Yeah
P: I need more people in that age group. So we're talking about stories or videos?
P: Videos.  
P:  
P: Okay.  Again. Oh Jordan. Okay. I learned. 
P: I know what to do. I know what to concentrate on.
P:  Jordan. Okay.  
P: Okay. 
P: Okay. I also have no idea where I can look, but I can see here some of what I'm looking for. So I think I should be selecting this guy from Jordan because I need 18 to 24 Jordan men. 
P: So let me just have a look at what's here so I can have an idea.  ,
P: I'm trying to , is this a profile about this person? 
P: It's a profile. Yeah. Okay. So I'm trying to read his interests. He is less interested in social media. Most viewed content is . Okay 
P: I'm trying to read his profile so I can relate , maybe, I can relate to his profile to what I found here or to his interests at least.
P: His average viewing time is about , Okay. I think , okay. Search personas. Okay, so  ,Okay, age. That's great. Jordan. Age. Gender. I'm not sure this will take me to only gender and will limit the age or this will give me the age only. I will try. Audience size. So I think the audience size is here so I don't need to see it again. But we are actually looking for is here so I'm not sure what I am selecting. Oh we were sorted by age. Let's see age. 
P: So we are  current reach. I think this is more than enough of what I'm looking for. 
P: Politics and sports. 
P: Okay. Okay. I have something to write. 
P: Thinking aloud. 
P: Oh yeah. Sure. I will write it down. Okay. Okay.
P: Okay. I learned enough. Okay. 
P: This time, I will . Okay. That was for the first. 
P: Okay. 
P: He was one of the comments from the target group. I don't remember I ,. what are some videos  but I can't remember.
P: What is something else you recall about the target group? Only the number. 
P: I actually can't remember the female percentage though. Something to compare. I had nothing to compare. So the second one.
P: Okay. I think it was politics and sports. The persona. Can I ask a specific ,
P:  ,.like the persona ,. the person I was looking for or ,
P: Or the number ,. I mean the interest of all the men. 
P: By persona, you mean the profile of ,. the profile I was looking for. Right?
P: What was one of the quotes from the persona? Okay. 
P: Yeah. I don't remember the exact words, but I remember the comment about .
P: What are some videos the persona was interested in? What is something else you recall about the persona? Something funny.
P: Believe me, this is one of the  things I remember about. 
P: That's the last thing I looked at.
P: He studied arts. He's interested in politics. He is less interested in social media. I saw so many comments. How can I relate this? Okay. About the persona. 
P: Okay. I think that's it. This is all I remember. 
P: Okay. 
P: Target group. That was interesting. I'd love to have more. It was very interesting. 
P: Okay.
P: Okay. That was great.
P: Yeah. 
P: Six months, maybe. Six or seven months. 26 , 
P: March.
P: Thank you. 
P: Yeah. The atmosphere is so different than what I was in before. 
P: Yeah. It's really interesting. 
P: Yeah, it's really interesting. And you know, when you find the same people, same age, same minds, it's like the perfect environment, maybe.
P: It's the perfect environment. Thank you so much. 
P: Associate producer. Content producer. 
P: I either have very easy or very difficult? 
P: Oh okay. Let's say 5 because if I had more time, maybe I would do better. I would find what I'm looking for because I think it's similar to Facebook because we use Facebook. 
P: I think I can find something similar to that in Youtube analytics. So if I took much time, I will ,
P: Okay.
P: Very easy. It was easy. Let me say nine out of 10.
P: Yeah.
P: Thank you. We have a gift card for you. 
P: Okay. Thank you so much. 
P: Okay.
P: Okay.
P: Thank you so much. Thanks a lot.
P: Your team is preparing a Youtube market campaign to increase audience engagement. 
P: Okay. It's a kind of same task, just different demographic. Okay. Different system here. That's the persona system. Scroll up the top. Log in.
P: Okay. 
P: Is this your name?
P: This is more ,. to me, it's very easy to see. He is someone who comes from Iraq and is the U.S but is very interested in news about Iraq and research and innovation because he works in sales field. He's not really interested in social media and social unrest in Syria. 
P: Sorry. What's that?
P: Yes, he is. 
P: Oh yeah. Seems he likes to read research. 
P: I am looking at his description and what he's interested in and his average viewing time. It's a very detailed information about him. He's very interested in research, innovation, elections, and news. His most viewed content ,  it seems like he is interested in politics more.
P: And so ,. American politics, a bit of sports as well. 
P: I'm looking for a specific age group because my demographic is United States from 18 to 24, which I cannot find. So I'm going to go and find much , oh no. How do I search persona? Do I type 18 to 24? United States. Why can I not find people of this group? 
P: Oh, so just one? Just one person?
P: Got it. 
P: So I'm looking at the fact that he's using mobile more than his desktop. The timings. He likes to read and research. 
P: He's a bit anti-religion. He likes education.
P: He is a college grad.
P: Okay.
P: Okay. 
P: Okay. Aged 18 to 24 from U.S. 
P: Okay. 
P:  What do I see? 
P: A man.
P: Target group 
P: Alright. So like you're just  here. 
P: You need to study. 
P: Okay. 
P: Yeah, I do have the right guy.
P: Yeah.
P: Oh oops. I thought I had the right guy. 
P: But from the U.S. 25-year-old male living in the US and works in the sales field. He likes to read about research and innovation, Iraq news, GCC and refugees. Okay. That's good for us. 
P: His average video viewing time is about 10.9 minutes. That's also good for us.
P: Topics that he is interested in; research, innovation, Iraq and news. Yes. Less interested in social media, social unrest in Syria. Interesting. So he's like half Interested in what we do and half not interested in what we do. 
P: I must be reading the wrong books. . So these are his quotes. Okay. He seems like this type of person that would comment these types of things on our articles.
P: Like one of those guys. 
P: Very opinionated. 
P: They're smart, but not necessarily ,  educated quotes sometimes. See this quote. I don't know what he means by satisfying an emptiness. I'm satisfied and I work to accomplish things. It feels kinda bad but really ,. okay, you are 25. Don't use 'kinda'. That's just weird.
P: Having struggled with finances. And I learn to adapt , So for someone who doesn't like social media, he uses the shorthand quite a bit, which is interesting. He tried his best. Okay. Interesting.  He is from the U.S but he is , Is he Philippino? Because he said something in Philippino. I don't know what the language ,
P: Most viewed content on social media. Turkish prosecutors find evidence. Okay. So he's interested in that because I suppose the journalist was based in the U.S.
P: Can I click on it? 
P: Oh okay. Research and innovation. Okay. One of his interests. Missing journalist again. So he's very much interested in this journalist. Okay. So it's basically American news and obviously this Turkish thing.
P: Audience size. He likes social media marketing, research, politics and social issues  language. That makes sense for the age group, I think.
P: That's what most people that age, like my age, sort of studies these days. What else? No favorites. No comments. No shares. That's good. Not married yet. College grad. Interesting. His job is sales. He's very interested in news and politics, kind of. Like politics and news. Okay. All right. I think I got him. 
P: 10.9 minutes.
P: Finish. Okay. Please write an email to your team in which you describe the most important characteristics of the target group and explain why these characteristics are important. Mention at least three characteristics  Okay. So he was not in that topic, but can I ,. like I would assume 18 to 24 or at least like 23, 24 would be pretty much the same. College grad. Interested in politics and news. Probably studied economics and sales. 
P: Let's see. write an email to your team in which you describe the most important characteristics of the target group and explain why these characteristics are important. Mention at least three characteristics. Okay. Dear Team ,. okay, I'm not very good at emails at shorthand.
P: All our target group. Men aged 18 to 24 from the U.S. Oops. U.S. Caps. Yeah. Nope, what did I just do?
P: That's very strange. 
P: Is that two? 
P: 18 to 24 from the U.S. 
P: No, it's fine.
P: Most graduates seem to have an interest in economics. I would say technology, like innovation. Politics. Language. 
P: He did sales. He's interested in economics and innovation. Okay , and interested in news related to Iraq. And their average watch time is 10.9 minutes.
P: Right?
P: It was 10.9 minutes.
P: 10.9 minutes. Alright. So now I have to explain why it's important for us.
P: Alright. Do I explain for each one of them?
P: Great. Okay. Keep in mind 
P: Okay.  articles as more economic-related and latest technology and innovation pieces would be popular with this ,. next. It is more important to pay attention to the layout on the desktop. 
P: Okay. How confident are you that the most important characteristics , I am going to give it a seven.
P: In the same email, please write a YouTube video title that you think would you think would resonate with the target group. Alright. So I am going to go with something with something to do with Iraq.  
P: Oh, okay. 
P: Oh, sorry. 
P: Okay, so this is like obviously different setup than the Analytics, so I have different people  
P: So, I can search , Oh, the search I think is easier to find.
P: So, this is the only result that I get til? 
P: Okay, so I'm writing the bio.
P: Okay, so basically I know the areas roughly that he's interested in. It's research and innovation, elections, news, Iraq, Korean relations, refugees, and he wants to be able to see that on his mobile. So, that's important information. And he doesn't like watching stuff that's a bit longer, so that's like 88 minutes. Sorry, that's eight minutes - 8.8 minutes. He has read stuff on the police, about the police investigation, stuff on Syria, cricket. Okay, that's weird. So, he has like consumed stuff that's not necessarily reflecting all his interests. 
P: So, taking the most views, more of the stuff he's read , Okay, he has read stuff on Iraq, politics. Okay. He's somewhat consistent with the research, innovation, Korean relations, social media. Yeah. Okay. What is this for?
P: So, the one that's below is like less interesting to him?
P: He is into technology, into research and innovation, elections, news, Iraq. Okay. . So, 7 million people who are part of our audience or 7 million people out there that are like him?
P: Are like him? That we can potentially attract? 
P: Okay, it's interesting to know. Okay, top headlines. Is this stuff that he read or ,?
P: Okay, but this is basically the only persona I can see.
P: Okay. 
P: Oh, I wouldn't know 'cause I didn't get there. It was just , 
P: I mean does it have to be verbatim?
P: I mean videos on Korean relations?
P: Because I didn't know this that there is a chart, etc. I never use them.
P: Yes. Oh, I have to find it here, right?
P: At the audiences, showing only the individual. Where is the audiences?
P: I don't have all 18-24 age group, right? I have to describe, for example, here? 
P: No, no, I have to find it. Thank you.  This is the only one?
P: So, I can go to another ,?
P: So, I understood about him. He is 22 years old, living in Europe. He is interested in elections, Iraq, Korea, foreign relations. And he likes to watch about eight or nine minute clips.  He doesn't care about Syria.
P: Okay. 
P: Ah, okay.
P: For Jordan?
P: That's for U.S.?
P: I thought you're from Russia.
P: Yeah, yeah. Also, you look like , 
P: With internship it's one year. 
P: I'm assistant 
P: Like hard is the highest? Well, I think it was one. 
P: I mean, because I'm not familiar, it was a bit difficult for me, but if I'm , 
P: As I told you, like, I think it's, okay, 2.
P: Ah, the other one. I think it is even better. I like that one. I think it is a more easy. I think 2 , Yes, actually, the first one is 3; this one maybe 2. 
P: Persona is yours? Ah, okay. Because it saves 7 million people bla, bla, bla, but I don't know if it can show the whole numbers, you know? 
P: Because I get that it can show you the whole numbers, like everywhere, right? 
P: But Persona I think just saying that 7 million people , 
P: Thank you so much. Sorry, what's your name? 
P: Aisa.
P: I have to read this now?
P: So, I should talk aloud?
P: This is a 19 to 25-year-old male living in the United States. 
P: Male, 18 to 24, United States. Yes. 
P: Okay. So, he doesn't qualify.
P: Okay. Yeah, right. You're right. So?
P: So, he's not good for , he's not the target. 
P: Okay, so this further person ,
P: Okay, so what do I do next now?
P: At these quotes.
P: This is a college grad.
P: He's the one then , 
P: Okay. So, now I have to select , 
P: Korean relations ,
P: First be the only one, yes.
P: I was looking at his . What do I do next?
P: His average video viewing time is about 8.8 minutes. 
P: He likes to read about research and innovation, election, news, Iraq, Korean relations and refugees on his mobile.
P: So, mobile is browsed  users. 
P: That's all about him.
P: So, he spends a good time on YouTube, which is close to nine minutes.
P: So, he can be target ten, he's a , he's a college grad and he's into sales, so ,
P: He reads a lot about Iraq, Korean relations and refugees. We cover a lot on the refugees, Iraq also.
P: Do I need to continue?
P: Okay. 
P: It's a ,
P: Research and innovation, so , What kind of reading he likes related to research and innovation? It could be mobile, it could be gadgets. 
P: Yes.
P: So, I have to keep looking at it? 
P: The main has to be about the creation of this YouTube video?
P: So, it has to be the guy, the person?
P: Okay. 
P: Looking right wing.
P: So, it fits the age group and country. But I just don’t remember  his interests. What he should be interested in?
P: Yeah. Okay. He fits everything. Well, he’s slightly over 18 to 24, so maybe not so much .
P: He’s from the U.S. He’s a male. .
P: He’s on social media, but he’s not interested in social media. Is there a way to select , ? 
P: To like , save him?
P: .
P: .
P: It’s just a highlighter?
P: There is only those five people?
P: 
P: 
P: So, I'm looking at similarities between Phil and Natt. Both of them are interested in research news. And I think both of them are interested in Iraq as well. Even though it's not on the topics of Interest. This is higher. They also seem to have quite high average video viewing time from 8 to 10. That’s another similarity.
P: There is also like an overlapping of some of the stuff they like, what they’ve viewed. 
P: It’s lacking in substance for someone who thinks to be interested in news, Iraq, North Korea, and then at close up is quite shallow 
P: 
P: 
P: 
P: So, my take was that this is facts , Something in  probably resonates with them. 
P: Yeah? 
P: Okay, fine. 
P: So, find search personas from 18 to 24 year olds, correct?
P:  Okay, based on the same interests it seems there are quite a few people similar to him. Most viewed contents , okay, so it's the most viewed videos by him. So, here's really interested into live stream compared to like some other things. So, what's interesting here is it tells you like what are some of his interests. 
P: Average duration eight minutes. Longer than I think the Jordan , Jordanian was.  commented in Hindi although he is from America. So, this is from his Facebook?
P: Audience selection two , 
P: .. 
P: All the topics which they're into? 
P: No idea. Maybe I can check that out specifically. 
P: What about the comments for the title? Have you go information? Live streaming , . This is that second system? 
P: News , elections , Sorry about the savage , What's on the videos that the persona was interested in? Check on with this. 
P: Four years now.
P: So, I work on the mobile apps and websites.
P: Yeah , no programmer , find and fail , 
P: I think it wasn't suitable for finding it. But then saving was , keeping just a male was difficult, so I'd says it's like four just to like target specifically the male. 
P: Yeah.
P: Persona was easy, so I'd say it was like a one, but then there weren't that many personas, I guess so.
P: Yeah.
P: Yeah, for sure, definitely. I think one thing that might also be interesting is what the other interests as well, outside of YouTube and stuff like that, so I could find other stuff, so I could figure out not just what they do on YouTube, but their general interest, behaviors and patterns. That would be useful. 
P: I could tell that in the Persona system you we able to see stuff clearly like right , without having to do too much digging 'cause usually you have to do a lot of like, you know, clicks and stuff to try to get this information out, but the Persona system was easy.
P: Cool. 
P: Great. Thanks. 
P: Alright. 
P: Right now I'm looking at Hallett and reading his profile. He's a 19 years old male, living in Egypt, works in arts and entertainment, sports and media. He likes to read about social issues, world news on his mobile. It's the source where he gets his information from. His average video viewing time is 4.4 minutes.
P: Job, art, entertainment, works in media, he's a college grad, he's not married. Now, I'll look at the interests, topic interests, social issues, world news, social media, news, politics. Okay, here's some of his favorite coats.
P: Okay. I'm just reading Osama’s profile as I was just done with Hallett. 
P: And checking his , he's within our own audience targeting group - 18 to 24. Probably not her. I would look, but I would concentrate more on him because he's within our target audience , Content , economy , general news ,
P: Okay.  778(?) people offered this persona. Okay. 
P: So, I think your YouTube hybrid has reached or done reaching Osama, but not as much as it has reached Hallett, so we need to increase the reach here for Osama’s persona, since we're having a campaign to target him. And Osama , one thing is that comparing personas to each other and I have a male, 24 Jordan, okay, but then here it tells me that the audience size the audience size of the people on his persona is not as big as the  com. Okay. In terms of content he was interested in this topic, in this video of the general news, and over here world news again. It’s mostly on this show. What else? I can find him here as well. I think he is more interested in this show, which is more about news. 
P: ‘Cause he's like , I haven't seen him watching the other two shows.
P: And he's , I think he's even following them.
P: He's watching the episodes on a regular basis. Like he’s a  Current issues , Okay, I don’t see numbers over here. It’s just giving me that , I don’t know why is this on top of it in terms of , ‘cause there are no numbers written, so is it ,? It doesn't give me insights on current reach in terms of , Would it be this video, for instance? Is it the top? Is it ascending? Is it descending?
P: I think this one over here is more interesting than the other ones since I just want to focus on him and it give me all the topics over shows that he's interested in , He’s interested, yeah, again, just show and ,.yeah , He's following 8, 9, 10 , All right. That’s it. 
P: Should I just write the whole ,?
P: I'm looking for a persona  U.S. male.
P: So, here's the point to just to look for the research to find out what they're interested in.
P: Okay. 
P: Just comparing in terms of sizes, 'cause it mentions in terms of what each size is as well.
P: 
P: I was looking at some of the quotes that they were giving. Stuff that they’re viewing. So, current reach is basically how many of these people are similar?
P: Okay. So, compared to our older age-group we're not doing as well.
P: Which is , which isn't so , that's something we wouldn’t target.  I know it was zero. It’s very  about the younger group as well anyway.
P: That's interesting , I like for you to actually , . This is a comparison.
P: Yeah, kind of. So, how much do these compare to  picture yourself outside moving things around?
P: Everyone's , Everyone's more interested in research, research and innovation, general trend of this group, of all these groups. Contents , So, this is basically missing the videos we published that we wish user group was actually looking at it. Yes , So, this is the livestream that Phil who’s interesting in research and innovation is not doing as well as it seems. So, on this recent contents , instagram , TITH, whatever that stands for ,  we already have a persona set. We know what kind of people we are targeting. This tells me, okay, we're not doing as well in that particular segment in both Facebook , ‘cause this says it is Facebook. 
P: So, this is Facebook and this is youtube.
P: Oh, oh, actually, yeah, that's the ,  
P: Youtube, right? 
P: All right. So this is the generally? 
P: Oh, interesting. That wasn’t clear.   All right, it says generally I can see, but the text says it’s just youtube, right? So , 
P: But it's interesting just to see how , we already got these.  It would be interesting to see if he had more people to search for personas, etc. how this would test it if this becomes super low. 
P: Okay. So, we've got our guy and we know that this matches our persona, generally what they’re interested in.  They’re very small compared to other personas coming into , compared to ,  We actually look slightly better than general, which is interesting. This is the general , This isn’t the reach. This is size, right? 
P: Okay. So, generally, we’re not doing so bad in a sense. Okay, so ,.
P: Okay. 
P: Okay. Based on , There’s one thing there in comments as well, which is interesting. It says  that these are more opinionated , 
P: Yeah , So, this have come from actual real data. Is this correct?
P: Interesting. In terms of what they’re interested in, it was interesting that throughout pretty much all different personas their interests were pretty similar. 
P: That was , Is that normally the case or not? 
P: So, you have six then based on that. 
P: So, that was what that second screen, which I kind of ignore it and thought it's not that useful for me in terms of which , so basically there was that second screen which lists the videos   yeah, but I think it would have been better to say.. sort of , actually list for this persona , for these types is what , for this kind of videos is what , for this persona, these types of videos is what ,  
P: I thought that was better.
P: I don't know what to do here.
P: Okay. Nars is it. A Turkish guy living in the United States. 
P: Okay, so he's a bit too old. 
P: Then what do I do?
P: Oh, I go through these! 
P: Okay, still is in our target group?
P: So, I guess his interest is complaining about us not reporting on the working conditions in Qatar. That's bad. He likes to see more about refugees I guess . That's something of interest for you. 
P: On top of the Middle East he's interested in relations with North Korea, Korean-U.S. relations. And he works in sales in large Eastern chain in innovation. So, maybe we can also target him with some technologies. 
P: He has a distrust of media organizations because that would be quite common in that age group in America at the moment. 
P: It is common. It is one of the thoughts that are coming from a news media channel.
P: I don't think we hear about it. It's quite common. Most of these groups they don't really trust mainstream news media. Some of them - some of them do; some of them don't.
P: Nothing much else. 
P: 
P: Other than the characteristics, I don't know what else.
P: . 
P: I'm pretty sure about not trusting the media bit, but do they really care about refugees and politics?
P: 
P: Access the persona , system , Analyze , . We're not going through each window? 
P: Look for American men.
P: Search persona's name. Okay. Oh, male. 18 to 24. Now expecting a nationality now that we've got those. I've got a name. I don't understand. Are they looking like a specific subscriber?
P: Oh, okay, okay.
P: Okay. They click by much, as well as story. 
P: Okay, so , Is this ,? They're not coming from these? I hope so.
P: No, I mean like it's the top headlines coming from this demographic that I ,?
P: Okay, that's a bit confusing.
P: I out the three demographics, but I'm not sure if this entire page is reflected based on what I edit. Maybe I can remove all of them to see if anything changes? I'm just going to refresh this entire page. 
P: Okay, currently I see this content , A Turkish prosecutor finds , Oh, the Kashuti , Sorry. It's all about Kashuti. The search persona and put those back. I want to click like OK button, like search. I don't get any of those. So, I'm trying to search based on the three criteria I put, but I'm not sure , Oh, there you go. Is Phil the person? Okay, okay. That took me some time.
P: Phil, male, 22, United States , He's a 22 year old male living in United States. And it's the interesting thing that we are getting like an individual that is supposed to be the representative of the entire age group. That would include like white people and the Asians, and Latinos and everything. So, he's  like a black guy as a representative of the entire population. I think calling this entire group as Phil and showing his image is kind of confusing to me because this makes me feel like I'm looking at his own data or I'm looking at like a young black population, which I know it's not, but , And he also says he's college grad and he's not married. That's also pretty specific. 
P: Okay. So, I get that he is or they are , Oh, the audience size is 7.8 million , I'm just looking at this , 
P: Okay. They are interested in political parties, social media marketing, research politics, and social issues in English language.
P: The audience size is 7.8 with five zeros. And they're interested in political parties, social media, research, politics, and social issues. That does sound like this. It does sound true. 
P: 'Cause I'm 22, so , . And I'm not American, but like when I'm on Facebook or something, Facebook or Twitter this seems to be the topics I see a lot where people from my age group sort of comment to Laura , politics, social media, research, politics, social issues. The most views content is about police brutality in Baltimore, Monica Harris , oh, this is the very embarrassing video of her kneeling down , yeah, making a fool of herself. But this is about police brutality, social issues. There is Syria / U.N., politics, and there is about cricket.
P: So, I'm getting 5. I wonder if there are ordered like top 12345 or are they just all ,? Why is this all based on a date? October , June ,? Oh, it seems like it's about his date , Okay. 
P: Politics, social media, Syria , I would prefer if this was wrong, based on the views and not date.
P: Or if I could change ,
P: Okay, it sorted published date, so I can do current reach 'because it is about date, you know? I don't care about dating Solomon.  That's personal , So, I change to current reach, but this part doesn't change, so I guess I'm supposed to just see it from here?
P: I would really like if there was like OK button and then when I click here then this gets redundant. I think that will be .
P: Okay, the most popular to download is the Bangladesh biggest brothel, Monovan East, and then the live, and in China , oh, they're really interested , they really like the one about East documentary series about Asia, Bangladesh, China. They also like Asian shorts. This is a short. Like I think less than a ten minute view. About refugees , Okay. So, they like controversial topics about prostitution in Bangladesh, rich person, China, it's probably ,. okay , so they're not really into news, they're not even really into , like their interest is politics, but the top view, the videos that have to , what is reach for men is not news. It's not breaking news, it's not politics. It's all like human interest story. That is a professional made with like a really good cinematography.
P: Top sixth video is about refugees and that's, of course, is the politics. The fifth one is social media. The seventh is Britain's most . 
P: Thank you. I'm surprised to not see a lot of U.S. content. Oh, actually this one is U.S. content. "Finding my family after 44 years in prison." I believe this is about U.S. Bangladesh, China, U.S., Al Jazeera social media. They're interested in the world, not just their own country. 
P: First was Bangladesh, second was Al Jazeera live, third was China, fourth was jail, prison, the fifth was social media, so U.S. counts had only one out of the top 5. But I'm guessing that the view was based on lifetime. 
P: They are interested in politics, social media, research, and social issues. The top three videos for them were Bangladesh, AJE live and China's rich girls, which showed that they are interested in controversial social issues in Asia, and surprisingly not a lot on their local issues, economies. 
P: They're more interested in long form documentaries than short news coverages. We post so many of these mini packages, but documentaries are always very important. Topics of interest , American, I don't know , 18 to 24. It helps to narrow down what kind of , what forms of views , it gives them communication that is doing well for that group.  
P: Documentaries ,  if we are targeting that target group. Oh, just 1 to 9.
P: All the eight? , "Video title that you think would resonate with the target group." Maybe make up some , maybe factory in China and put a show they're gonna be interested in.  
P: "What topics were supported with most interest?" Natural disaster? Their own country. "What were the comments from that target group?" Have no idea.
P: "What are some videos .
P: Oh, look at this. Maybe this means that people from that demographic are most likely college educated? Maybe that's , maybe that's why I 
P: Oh, wait, persona on your platform or generally? 
P: Not at all, but YouTube, yeah.
P: Two months. 
P: Okay, so Al Jazeera since February. February to May. Those four months, so six months, yeah. 
P: Oh, I'm an assistant producer. I thought you were asking specific . You looked really confused.
P: Yeah, so you explained a little bit of what you do.
P: Two.
P: Four.
P: Oh, that's so sweet of you. 
P: Oh, yeah, it was useful. It's easier than YouTube
P: And I like how I could see the topics of interest. What else? And it's relatively easy to navigate, but you're missing some buttons that I'll expect in other platform, like a confirmation or refresh , 
P: Yes, I do, for what I do I have to kind of optimize videos based on one of the videos I think these people , one of the videos I think the target group watches. So, if I know that, for example,  at this age a lot of topics about China, then I would optimize the videos in a way that the target audience are likely to find by any keywords that they would search more. 
P: Yeah.
P:  
P: 
P: I was clicking something ,  
P: I am thinking about  by this person or these persons or ,?
P: This persona.
P: It seems this audience , they are from Jordan, but they are still interested in the Egyptian politics. There are some comments related to Egypt. So, this kind of persona is interested in news, but not real news. They need news with something like what you're doing, like satire news, like comedies, stuff like that, life and musics, more entertainment and comedy than the news stuff ,  
P: So, in order to target this audience you have to approach them from these angles. You have to provide , you have to create the campaign, portray a political issue with sarcasm or trying to make a fun of something popular happening in Jordan , it's many in Jordan like him because he is from Jordan. Like in  Egypt he will be still interested in these , to know because they are close to Egypt even in the media consumed. There is a big overlap between Jordan and Egypt because they are consumed as an Egyptian content , news about Egypt , yeah. Jordan is not big, just 4 million people. And this persona is .
P: It's big, yeah. I don't know because in Kabrit we don't reach this number. so we have a big target audience in Jordan  in Jordan and we didn't reach all of this number. This number is accurate or just ,?
P: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Perfect.
P: Yeah.
P: I'm looking for a word.
P: Someone trying to fill themselves?
P: Someone trying to kill themselves? 
P: Yeah.
P: It was a funny.
P: It's not a joke. He's trying to jump from here to here and then remembers -  
P: They prevent him, but if he jumps from here to here nothing happened. It's like a joke. 
P:  
P: For the United States?  
P:  I'm more familiar with YouTube Analytics, but not Persona.
P: Two years.
P: I'm responsible for audience retention strategies. , so I'm managing that. 
P: Yeah.
P: 
P: Five is the most difficult?
P: How difficult to work on YouTube Analytics? No so difficult. For me - no.
P: Personas like , three.
P: No.
P: Yes.
P: I rely more on YouTube Analytics. For me it ideally works. So, I'm sifting through YouTube date everyday , how this audience from Egypt consumes our content, what are their comments. It's now , why are good views from Egypt, where the  from Jordan, for these videos, at this day , just like this , I just picked  the personas for the first time I came here and it's to me what is the target audience what we are using to produce content for. Yes. So, these are personas.  
P: And implement this version in our analytics.
P: So, when you are comparing our YouTube Analytics to Personas, just to prove that we on the correct place. 
P: Yeah, we're doing the work targeting this persona and it is the same for you. 
P: Yeah, that's how I am using Persona.
P: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes.
P: Yeah, yeah.
P: I moved from  to the other one.
P: We have something here?
P: I'm looking at the other things I have, at the other columns I have. 
P: Trying to catch any information about this guy , Okay. I will move to another one - Noora , Jordan actually.
P: I'm trying also , Noora is from Jordan. I think we , it's close to .
P: Education , general news , okay. Using her mobile phone , okay. Okay , she is like , she most views content , looks like Ossman. It seems like they like the same things or the common things. Okay , so we have also Hallett. He is from Egypt. I think he's at the target age , the same target age. Maybe he could be interested, so I will see Hallett is living in Egypt , arts and entertainment , The same interest of Ossman. So, I think the , the , what we say it ,? The production could be , yeah , he could be interested to the same things ,
P: News ,. okay , but he's interested in a different type of content here at the most viewed. Sammy I think he's out of the target. He's out of the target. He is 33 and he's from Saudi Arabia. I think the , the interest is going to be different ,  okay , social issues, world news , okay, yes. He's out of the target , Okay. Selma , Egyptian , She's out of the target, and her interest also out of the target. Okay. 
P: Yes. 
P: Finish. 
P: Which ? 
P: Okay.
P: I'm not sure about the spelling.
P: Yeah, three characteristics about these men, 18 to 24 from Jordan. Three characteristics you remember about them, and why you think those are the important ones.
P: Okay , what's important ,? Hmmmm , Okay ,
P: Why , the explanation why , 
P:  Oh, my God , spelling is gonna be messy ,
P: Okay ,  
P:  ,ppe?
P: Okay, just to understand after that ,
