P: Ok, target audience male, 18 to 24 from Jordan. And again ,
P: I just put in Jordan as a country, but I'm now looking for how I can look up the male target audience.
P: Oh, sorry.
P: I'm looking ,I'm trying to see if I can just look on age, but I think I'm just going to leave it. Ok, male, Jordan. Ok, so I looked up Jordan again and it's for the past 90 days but I'm going to look ,
P: To last month.
P: Ok, but do I want to look at last month.
P: Ok, I always have clicked on 1 year for the past 3 years.
P: So we know watch time, 70% but 70% of ,ok, but what are they engaging with? I need to figure out what they're engaging with. Ok, actually I want to go for non-subscribed because it’s those people who are coming to us, I would like for them to subscribe to our channel to try to build a loyal audience. Ok, so why are there only like 7 topics available?
P: Ok, I know what they’ve been looking up for the top stories. Ok, that's interesting. Ok, finish?
P: I think yeah.
P: I'm not used to work on a Mac, I feel like I’m ,with the audience isn’t subscribed to our channel ,get them to subscribe and ,right, our audience is in Jordan, so I keep forgetting that I have to ,so what I wrote is an email to the team, “dear all, I hope this email finds you well. As you all know, we are trying to target our male audience on YouTube, age 18 to 24, location in Jordan. We are trying to go ,” sorry, it doesn't make any sense. “We're trying to reach the audience that visits us but isn’t subscribed to our channel. Moving forward, let’s try to get them to hit subscribe and build a connection with them, for them to become a loyal audience. Based on data, our audience in Jordan is interested in ,seems to be interested in local stories out of Jordan, flood story Jordan was the highest viewed video in the past month. Our coverage on such should be on Saudi journalists. But also consumed by them, it seems they are interested in our coverage of  ,while something is still happening. Jordan went to visit NBS while the world is still like worrying about having to ,
P: I think  Ok, I’ll just put NBS. “ ,while the world is still questioning NBS in Jordan.” Ok, it's too long of a title, but ,
P: Ok, we're gonna go back to Phil?
P: This is based on what he said or what he saw?
P: Ok . Ooh he had a quote? Did not see that on the topics, I'm sorry, I didn't see he had a quote.
P:  murder, I cannot say murder, killing out. Oh I didn't look at that, there was no comments, I didn't click through. Again, I'm gonna start copy pasting. Oh, I cannot copy paste that. Again it's based on one month of data, they seem to be ,
P: Ok good, felt a little pressure. I felt like, “why can I not look at Facebook? I got this.” Ok, let me see who's next on your list.
P: What do I have to do?
P: Do I have to write this down or something?
P: Man, aged 18-24 from Jordan. So this is my YouTube campaign targeting that audience?
P: So access YouTube, analyze the analytics information and write a description of that target group.
P: Men, age 18-24
P: Oh God
P: Also my target audience. So I just have to find them?
P: Ok, it’s good for you I’ve never used this before. Gonna ,
P: This one?
P: Demographics seems logical to me
P: 18 – 24. Should I select it or like view gender? Male, 18 - 24 in geography. Looking for Jordan?
P: Yeah, there it is, Jordan. So I think I saw a male between 18 to 24 in Jordan.
P: And then actually don't know . I don't actually know what all of this means.
P: I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
P: So they are only like 0.1% of the population, is that possible? I don't know what this means to be honest. Oh yeah, I think so. No, because it shows January, April, June, July, we should have like an explanation to this.
P: So yeah, I selected Jordan, male, 18 to 24. Now I'm looking at a graph that doesn't really say much to me, watch time in minutes 0.10%. I don't know what I just did, do I drag this thing here? That doesn't really tell me anything, so what was I supposed to do, just ,?
P: Learn about the target audience.
P: To engage the Jordanian men?
P: Ok, I don't think they are really our audience, so it's our biggest audience then?
P: So they're just I think ,if this pie chart was correct, or if that's what I think it means then they're just 1/100th of the audience. I have no idea what I'm doing, I'm so sorry, I'm not sure, I've never done this before. So where is Jordan? And then it disappeared.
P: Oh wait, I think ,let me select Jordan again, then you can ,there is more metrics I just discovered, average percentage viewed, I'd like to see Jordan again.
P: Yeah, I discovered more metrics, so I just clicked on average percentage view or average view duration, then for some reason I have to select Jordan again. I already selected it, it's very inefficient. Now I can't find Jordan.
P: Now I actually can't find Jordan. Oh, there it is. So average view duration is 2 minutes 31 seconds, that's not bad for Jordanian men. More metrics, also there is a lot ,that's interesting, so what they're like to ,maybe I should look for what they like to watch.
P: So I need to lure them to watch Al Jazeera.
P: I'm not sure what to do, so views, they watch pretty long, 2 minutes, I think that's long, right?
P: Because on Facebook if they watch more than 15 seconds that's already long. Maybe engagement, but I can't select this. Oh no, I can't select any of this. Ok, let me just ,ok average percentage views 26, still don't know what that means. I've looked in audience retention. I watch 10 minutes because I think I'd like them to watch 10 minutes in the audience retention. Now I'm looking for Jordan, I don't know what I'm doing again. Oh, there it is.
P: Oh no, shit, I didn't do anything, and you are not helping me.
P: 
P: Nothing, they watched longer than 2 minutes.
P: Shit, I’m really useless to you.
P:  Aged between 18 – 24, watch their videos longer than 2 minutes. I don't know which video. Videos they watch ,whatever. I'm so sorry.
P: ?
P: Thank God at my actual job I'm so much better.  Shit, I didn't find this, any video longer than 2 minutes, I have no idea, sorry I don't know, I have no idea, I am sorry. Ok wow, this is so embarrassing.
P: My fictional team is going to hate me.  Ok, it's just the same.
P: Ok, am I supposed to be looking at or clicking on anything in particular?
P: Oh, I see. Ok, I understand.
P: Ok cool. I'm scrolling down to look at the demographics, I'm wondering if I should be looking at demographics of my country, which is ,trying to see if I can find search location, that's great, Jordan. And I'm going to be looking at gender. Now this is just like ,ok, right, duration. Ok, I guess that makes sense, 79% male, Jordan and I’m looking for age group now, let me see. All groups, I guess. Ok, I'm looking at gender to see if that helps. It sure does. Ok, 18 to 24, what’s my demographic watch time? About one-fifth of the audience, I guess. Oh in minutes, 19% of the minutes watched were in my age group, about three quarters of that, so what, like 15% roughly of total minutes watched Al Jazeera English on YouTube among, I guess all the people in Jordan. Ok, yeah, here it is, visualise. Yeah, 15%.
P: Yeah, it says Jordan here at the top and I figured it was because that's what I clicked into first. I searched for Jordan in the location bar and then I went down to male or female, clicked into that and then I broke it down too.
P: Yeah ok, so that's my demographic. Is there any other information that you looking for beyond minutes? Oh there’s views. Ok, clicking on views. Ok, so it's roughly the same, no it's not. So 20% of the total views, 27% of the total views fall in my age demographic, 75% of which is male. So the total would be 18 to 24 hours, I’d say 20% of total views fall into the demographic I was meant to look at, 18 to 24 year old males from Jordan, which again ok, this indicates to be a tad bit slightly lower, I guess lower than average time watching the entire video, like the entire video.
P: Well clearly it's like ,it's a huge segment, it’s a huge segment just in terms of views, but I mean just by looking at comparing it against total minutes watched, I mean I figured well who in general  if it’s going to be geared towards this segment, which is not the largest, but it's still substantial. You might want to go shorter on duration in terms of the videos, I mean is this for like the live feed?
P: But when comparing it, so the biggest group in terms of number of views is 25 - 34 year olds, males and . Ok, let me see. Interesting, can you break this down by age is the question?
P: I'm thinking ,well, I guess I don't really know exactly how to apply this specifically to my demographic, first of all. But second of all, like the proportions seem like extraordinarily lopsided, I mean they seem like almost impossibly so, I don't know if it's true, I literally out of 1200 views for this video, a hundred percent were males. Is that what this is telling me? Or is there something that I'm missing? It just doesn't seem likely.
P: Oh shit.
P: Oh yeah, must have just lost it.
P: 
P: I would say, ‘refugee crisis explained and why it matters to you’ and ‘Iraq post , what has changed?’ That would be ,
P: From Jordan this time?
P: Ok
P: You work for Qatar Foundation?
P: Are they looking for people to hire there?
P: Ahh, that's different
P: I have a member of our team who wants to do more research, so they are looking for a job, and so I wanted to help him, but I said I don't know, I think every place here will need Arabic.
P: Can I send you this person’s CV?
P: That would be so great, thank you.
P: Thank you, thank you so much. What's your email address?
P: Of course, of course. So it's this one?
P: The numbers went down, I didn't know it was 2 600 000 only, it's gone down. Start?
P: Ok, so this is our Jordan, this is specific to Jordan, isn't it?
P: Ok
P: 
P: I'm looking at which packages people from ,which video packages people from this region Cairo like the most, watch the most. Apparently it's pigeons, pigeon battles and Cairo, then there is Bangladesh's Biggest Brothel which is a 101 East special, then what happened to Saudi journalist Jamal , and only two Jordan related ones come up in the top 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10, which is Jordan floods. But engagement, much time was higher for story on Egypt, which I find interesting.
P: Because it shows that they are not necessarily interested in just coverage on their country from Al Jazeera but also just about coverage on the Middle East from Al Jazeera, in general. It's good, at least the watch time and the average view duration ,5 minutes and 38 seconds is high for an average view duration. I know because on Facebook anything above a minute is a miracle, so this is very interesting to me. But yeah, let's see, . Last 30 day. Ok, last 30 days. I'm just comparing like in the last 30 days compared to the United States and Jordan.
P: I just want to see, ok, what time, average view duration. Ok, compared to ,it's not our biggest audience, still America compared to this persona as well as still our target audience. So I would care more about the male viewers out of the US than the ones in Jordan.
P: Yes exactly. So to activate them then I would ,seeing the top 10 videos that they're watching, they’re watching mostly us live, they’re watching Al Jazeera live content and they are not really engaging in our news packages, the only ones they did engauge with are the ones that have nothing to do with Jordan. So then that means anything Middle East related is fine for Jordan, but it's not our ,I wouldn’t be spending my time still, I would not be wasting my time trying to feed them like for example, US midterm election plan, because now I know they wouldn't be interested. So anything nature related in the Middle East because of the pigeons and the flooding, the pigeon fight in Egypt and then the flooding in Jordan, that means anything nature related, anything specific region related to that area, I would be pushing this packages to those our target audience. But not to ,I would not waste my time trying to get our US midterm coverage packages and news content to this target group.
P:  ,because that's not what they want to consume.
P:  Again like a title for like a news story that I think they would be interested in clicking, right, to watch?
P: Ok, . I can hit next?
P: Oh the first one, so not the last one?
P: Oh ok, so this is the first one, right?
P: I don't remember.
P: I remember seeing something, I don't remember . Was this the second one or the first one?
P: I did not see what videos they were interested in, only the topics. For the second one, I did the comparisons then I saw at the top 10 was. So I remember the Jordan one. Should I use that one?
P: Ok, then I don't remember what are those, I only know which ones, which topics it was. I think I already said that, right? His age 24 or 25, I can't remember, 24 I think. What else?  I can't remember specifically how many but I think 8 or 7 minutes. Which one is this now?
P: Second one.
P: Did I see that? Did they show us? I thought we went straight into YouTube analytics?
P:  I don’t know. Sorry, it's because my brain has also with what I have to do and this has completely thrown off because I have 6 scripts to relook and a plan to send.
P: I'm repeating myself, this is again was , Jordan males it was something like, I think it was 10 minutes, I believe. US male within that age target group was 7 or 8.
P: But it's still going to help me with the task.
P: Yeah yeah, then it's just persona, yeah.
P: It will be ,?
P: Well I don't know what that is. Ok, I’ll just say that ,this was the American one though. This was the American one. So I’ll just say his viewing rate ,.
P: This is all private, right, it's just for you?
P: Yeah, why we focused on only men and not women? It's because men are our biggest audience on YouTube, is that why? Because our male gender is our highest number on YouTube, more men watch us than women on YouTube, it's the same with Facebook.
P: So that's why it's like I need to know why exactly that is, you know, what we could do better.
P: That's why it's like something that keeps coming up.
P: Or maybe people are lying that they're male.
P: A lot of people maybe they're just creating fake accounts and just putting up and then they feel like they can attack us more through comments, because they are hiding behind “I am a male.”
P: Yeah, that's the thing, we need researchers to come and just look at this, and yeah.
P: Yeah, I think it's something we should get QRCI to look into.
P: I'm saying, “why do we do better with a male audience than our female audience? These analytics make me question where we are failing with the gender that are Facebook persona says has more empathy than our male followers.” Our Facebook persona was saying that women right? Because whenever our views on some certain videos is higher is because they’re very empathetic, is because there is like ,
P: A human story?
P: Yes yes
P: Yes, we have the analysis. I can get the analysis for you from , but yeah, our empathy about audience.
P: Probably, but on Facebook videos are very different, they are consumed very differently.
P: Yeah.
P: I mean we’re looking into that as well, we’re looking at all these breakdowns and we're trying to understand our audience better, because I need to understand my audience better in order to do my job better, you know?
P: Aisha
P: We’re looking at tools, we’re looking at a lot of tools right now to also breakdown our audience, explain our audience to us better, just so we have a better understanding of our audience. And there is another tool that I had a meeting with last week, it's cold Wirewax, it's basically a video app where engagement time on a video is increased by 8 to 9 minutes, that is exceptional. So the app will have people ,you will be able to engage with what you're watching, you’ll be able to click here or click there or click on something that you're seeing in the video, and it will blow up and will show you more information. So they’re making the viewer who is watching something continue to engage with that video content. And it's called Wirewax, because a lot of companies are spending lot of money on this app, because right now our viewing is very one dimensional, right? We produce it, we push it out, people watching it, that's it, but this is going into it, clicking on it, engaging with it.
P: Yes, so that's why ,there is one video I have on my colleagues right now, she's working on an explainer for the US midterms. I'm going to have her use this tool so we can test it, like she’s going to include all these things that you can do, it will tell the viewer, “do you want to know more? Click here? Do you want to see this enlarged? Click here?” So they will be playing with a video that they are watching.
P: But this is more than annotations, you have to look into Wirewax.
P: Amazing. And you know – sorry to cut you off, there is companies that are selling clothes that are using this tool, it's like Minority Report, you know when he's walking in and then you know, that's exactly how it is, there is a guy. And you can click and you can like blow up the material on his jacket, things like that. It's very interesting, they're very smart, they know how to ,because that means a customer will probably click to buy it or something, you know.
P: They're smart.
P: Yeah, I hope it does because we're going to tested it. I’m hoping it will increase audience engagement and everything, so will try it check it out.
P: Of this?
P: Like in general or in this experiment?
P: In this experiment just maybe 2.
P: Yeah
P: Yeah yeah, it was easy but I don't know if I had time I would go into deeper, but because I know that there’s a time limit and I have so much to do all I wanted to do was just compare the Jordan and United States and that was it, but I found it very easy, yeah.
P: Easy. Easy but then it's like I'm more ,like I didn't pay attention to the quote of the day or anything like that, but then again because I would have somebody do it for me. I would ask them to be like, “can you focus on this and give me like a breakdown?” Because this is what we did back in the day, we did a whole thing where when we were trying to do an audience development for a show, a specific show, we were looking at all our feedback emails from our readers on our website. So then they would say, in order to fill in the feedback they would say their name, their age, their location, right? So then I had everybody, a group of 3 people to them look through all those people emails and give us, “this is how many times this person who is this age group from this area of the world commented on our content,” you know. So then we found that there was out of the hundreds, there was only 15 people who were regular commenters and are giving us feedback on our website, like, “oh I don't agree with this opinion piece, this is inaccurate blah blah blah,” all this. So then we met those 15 people, I called them super users. So then I invited them to come on Al Jazeera basically through video comment. Any time we did a video report we would have them give their feedback, you know, and then the ,
P: 10 years now, 10 years.
P: Very easy, this was helpful and how having your guidance as well helped.
P: 2
P: Thank you so much, thank you, lovely meeting you. 
P: 
P: Ok. .
P: Actually I did not think about this.
P: I didn't do this before, I'm not used to YouTube
P: I'm just reading this. Actually I didn't look at this before on these things, so I don't know what is this, ok. .
P: Maybe I don't know what is happening, this is my first time to open analytics on YouTube.
P: 
P: Trying to find who is my audience.
P: 
P: Yes yes, so this number, I don't know what it is view, ok.  ,I can’t see anything.
P: Ok, average view duration, from where I know is audience, I don't know where ,ok, videos and playlists, subscribers.
P: I'm searching now for the United States. Ok, United States, we have 1000 subscribers ,how long? For almost 1 month, 3 months, here, right?
P: Because I'm thinking about this, I don't know if I ,
P: Because it's my first time to see these things, so I don't know, I'm just ,United States and search for this, where I can find any data for the United States. Ok, 600 subscribers, ok. Then I would like ,I can't find any age in this United States .
P: I'm searching actually maybe any data to try and understand, because until now I didn't understand anything from United States, why they are ,
P: Here?
P: Ok. Watchtime, views.
P: I'm just analysing, I'm thinking, ok  wow, all this, ok.
P: Yes actually I don't know what is that because it's my first time and it's not personas we use it a lot, and I will work so I understand how to use a persona, but here I don't know, this is certainly difficult.
P: I need someone to explain things to me so I can understand how to use this data because now I don't know what this number mean. Ok, do views and watch time, what's the 60%? I don't know.
P: It's like complicated really, it's my first time and I don't know what is that and how I can go back.
P: Even ever get my task
P: Back to another text. Ok, time up, what should I do?
P: So are you just gonna go up the demographics?
P: Oh yeah, either I would guess you would either come up with something or say you don't have a good title.
P: 
P: This one I know because I search about the video that they view, the video type I know because it's about news and science, so I understand.
P: But actually other things I ,
P: Here in my country or?
P: Then write Qatar or Yemen.
P: I'm here now for 3 years.
P: Producer
P: It was difficult.
P: So I am looking at my persona from Jordan for men between age 18 – 24. I will look at the last week and I'm trying to find out if they have ,so they have gender but they don't have age groups. So if I try to find videos, I find lie on demand, all YouTube products. Ok, I'll try and check this ‘browse all groups.’ I don't know what they mean.
P: Not at all. So, I didn't find anything on the groups. Ok, I see demographics and I go to my demographics, great. So, I find out that this should be the Jordan demographics where females spend about 23 minutes, or is that in percentage in watch time 23% minutes? Ok, so this is 77% of the males and 23% of the females is watching. And I'm trying to see what gender takes me to. So, the females are more interested in the Jordan floods or the death of school children. I can go back and let me see what males are interested in. So the Jordan floods, Malaysia, Saudi Arabia’s Crown Prince, school children and Jamal . Jordan floods, school children, Malaysia, interesting, ok. And then I see a bunch of analytics data here, but I'm not sure if I have the ,I have 10 minutes for all of this, I'm not sure if I can look at all, so I think I will be ok with what I've seen so far.
P: Finish.  I didn't see how Mort ,or maybe I missed it and maybe that's why.
P: Watch time. What am I looking at now? This is the analytics of all our videos?
P: Ok, and you are asking me to find information for a specific target group, guys from 18 to 24 in Jordan?
P: I'm trying to figure out what this is showing me, last 90 days, August ,watch time of YouTube videos in minutes, views .
P: So it's not a particularly big market for us compared to the United States, which would be number one. And how do I get back to this?
P: . Gender, so 80% male, suggest videos. What does that mean, suggested videos? So it's basically videos that come under other videos? So I can type in Jordan here?
P: No, I'm just not used to this. Jordan, so we have age groups, male, 18 to 24. I guess that's this age group, it's not our biggest age group in Jordan, it’s our second ,no, third biggest age group in Jordan. And click on that, does it do anything? Views. It’s our third biggest age group in terms of watched minutes, but views ,so I can say what's the difference between views? So they don't watch the whole video, obviously. And 95 000 views in this age group. Yeah, what else do you want to know?
P: Yeah, so they don’t ,average view duration is 3 minutes 3 seconds, this is for both men and women, I guess. Average percentage ,average percentage viewed. So they only watch 24% of the video they click on, and watchtime in hours, 19.10% watch time, I don’t understand that, what does watch time mean? . I'm trying to look out for some dates. Alright, finished.
P: Alright, what else?
P: . Target group is ,Target 8% by suggested videos and the third largest group in terms of views in Jordan, no it's second largest group in terms of use, the third most ,it is the third largest group in terms of the watched ,this went off.
P: Minutes, and they have a limited attention span and like to browse YouTube videos. 
P:  I have zero confidence.
P: Because I don't have the experience reading this data.
P: . Kim Kardashian.
P: Ok that's something I'm familiar with, the YouTube analytics.
P: Ok, let's see, if we go to demographics, let’s check the target personas which are male, ok. Ok, we need to check viewers from Jordan, let's go to geography, there’s Jordan. I'm trying to find Jordan. So it's not among other topics, countries from viewership is coming from. Let’s see the demographics from Jordan. Ok, for male between the ages 17 to 24, 18 to 24, which is here. So it's around 15%. So in the last 90 days we had around 15% of males which is from Jordan, ok.
P: Ok, so during the last 90 days we have around a hundred thousand views coming from Jordan, 15% male, age 18 – 24, let's see what kind of videos they are viewing. Trying to see what kind of videos they're viewing from Jordan in general. Ok, it seems like we have an increase coming from Jordan during the last 30 days, we have a pic, ok. They’re viewing mainly livestream page, the livestream video, 78% male. Trying to see the traffic sources, and this percentage is coming from YouTube search and suggested videos.
P: I'm trying to see if we can get the content consumption by the target personas, but it seems that we can only get it by geography. I'm sorry, I can't talk because I'm trying to concentrate for the questions, it's difficult to talk and concentrate at the same time.
P: Ok, so male 77%, 18 – 24, male 15%, only 15%.
P: I'll check again the type of content, let's make this from Jordan. It's mainly related to content related to Jordan, in Jordan and the livestream and some content related to Saudi Arabia. Let's have a look at the engagement. The engagement is not very high, ok, the most characteristics .
P: I'm supposed to look at the YouTube analytical looking between the age of 18 to 24 Jordan men. I just forgot, what was the endgame of that?
P: So how will these are about 18 to 20, correct?
P: Here?
P:  This is not from Jordan, is it?
P: So I need to find Jordan?
P: And I need to know where Jordan is actually here.
P:  You know I have a degree of dyslexia, where I type things backwards or sometimes I see things a bit different, so that's why I have to be very careful about what I’m looking at here.
P: Is there a search menu?
P: 
P: Because you want just a small ,
P: YouTube views. Is there no summary or something to say to summarise exactly what all that's about, it's just says YouTube video.
P:  ,to find Jordan. And there was 73% ,73% watch this .
P: 
P: No no no, I wasn't going to invent, I was just going to say do I have to write by someone or just .
P: I cannot say any more than that.
P: 
P: Well I would say no.
P: .
P: What the target group would like to watch?
P: In Jordan between the ages of 18 and 24 want they would want to watch, and make a video title?
P: I would say ,
P: Ok, . The change is only the United States. 
P: Yeah, so what was it? I can't ,is it the same questions as the first questions?
P: So if I want to ,I mean people who ,sorry, I forgot the question.
P: So it's similar to that one? So why I'm entering the analytics of  when not helpful for me to understand like a female, female ,sorry, male from 18 to 24 in the US, people who lives in the US. I don't have enough data about those people. So what content should they be interested? Unless I want Arabic speakers, so I need to target the Arabic speakers. It could be for me I need to target Arabic speakers.
P: House
P: So if I were ,if I want to go to YouTube ,so you want me to go to YouTube analytics so I want to see like let’s say in terms of the demographics, this is like a small period. Let's say like last 36, last year. So I want to see the audience size from the US.
P: Yeah, 18 to 24
P: So the characteristics ,I would go more for like I'm looking at what videos they are interested in. So apparently from the content that I have seen and I need to go to view page 18 – 24.
P: It's ok, it's just like go back a bit. It says 18 – 20 for the US. Ok, so I am here, I've looked at the content, here is the top content watched. Watch time is not available, here  So since I don't have like the actual numbers because it's not viewed, but I can see the content. So if I want to target a male from 18 to 24 in the US, I will target males who are interested in a content similar to this show, this is another show, it is an Egyptian show that has more entertaining informative content, and it has some like social science content. So what I'm looking for I will look at people who are interested, like our target characteristics that I can find from this 18 to 24 in the US, they like the content that is related to ,take social ,I mean like it's more science and tech, so like general knowledge.
So this is what I can tell from the US audience from 18 to 24, they prefer to watch  which is like ,because here the thumbnail shows like NPS. So they are interested in content that has news about Saudi Arabia and Palestine in a way because this is a way to normalisation. So this is the most, like when I look at the most top content in that sense. Perfect
P: For me I'm trying to find if they are trying to get like ,because I know I've only 10 minutes, so I'm not exploring. So ok, like when I want to target the US I will prefer like to reduce the costs., let's say. I would like to spend most of my money at like California and New York because they are accounted around like 50% of the audience in the US. So ok, because they are aware too, it’s just like it takes a very small portion, usually I would take a large sample to say that's an indicator. I just like potential interested that are 20% into politics ,10 videos. So it's me, right?
P: Would you like me to add something?
P: I think I've already added during the recording everything.
P:  from the two of them. 
P: Okay. So, yeah. 
P: These haven't been a .
P: Did you specify?
P: I'm trying to filter  and Jordan and I am not getting any feedback. 
P: It's Male, 18-24. So  time. I'm generating reports to my team about ,.
P: It's 25-35 ,.  male and female who are in the same ,. 
P: Do you want more research for the past week?
P:  charts, it will give me the same information.
P: Yeah. Largely depend on this campaign. What do we define as our success? 
P: Okay. So I am just going to compare. Let me just do one thing just to see where they fit.
P:  ,.a month because it's been a busy month. So this one is Jordan.  segment, but , 
P: And I can see. No, they don't.
P: Much time again. . Oops. 
P: Okay. 
P: The first would be yes. 
P: The topics?
P: Let me see if I can pay attention to this. 
P: It's some video. 
P:  in addition to what I already wrote. 
P: Is it this one? 
P:  ,topics  getting comments. 
P:  for like five years or something. 
P: I am a producer. The producer. 
P: Seven years. 
P: I think that the thing I didn't realize was that the results were being filtered. It wasn't a good feedback system. I would give it like three out of five. 
P: Yeah. 
P: Persona is a little easier. I will give it two out of five. 
P: This is going to be a good one. Okay, so what going to happen with the results? 
P: Okay. That's good. Okay.
P: You are watching? 
P: It was Male, 18 to 24. 
P: Jordan. 
P: And I kind of write here the location?
P: Talk aloud. 
P: I'm looking at  the videos. I wrote Jordan ,.
P:  ,.in the last 30. Then I'm looking for  watching my videos. 
P: Then , can I look at what kind of videos they are looking at? 

P: Okay. Oh, excellent. So you get Jordan  Saudi Arabia. 100 per cent. Excellent. Najib. Wow. 100%. Check the prices. 100%. Excellent. Netanyahu in Oman. 100%. Excellent. Wow, this is good. 
P: Okay. So how can I go to the next one? 
P: It's up to you to decide. 
P: Fine. 
P: What I see is like the checking price is pretty much one of the highest because you got his  trying to make some Middle East peace, which nobody knew about. Nobody knew about the whole visit till like 48 hours. Najib speaks. Well, the guy, basically, is not ,. he's not prime minister anymore. And suddenly, he spoke to Al Jazeera saying that , you know, there have been mistakes, which is amazing. People have been interested in this story because of the billions of dollars that's been missing. 
Egypt. Pigeon Battle of Cairo. I like this one.
P: This is cool because people are interested in it because , like you get pigeon actually battling . Battling for what? Hello! It's a sport that they have. Let me see what's the next story because I'm really interested. Of course, The Killer. The dark side of Bin Salman.
So is he , did he or didn't he actually order the killing of Khashoggi? 
P:   ,..to Riyadh. This is huge because nobody expected it. The guy showed up because he got a guarantee from the US and got a guarantee from the UK that nothing would happen to him. And the reason he actually went back to maybe take the place of the Crown Prince or maybe just make some peace and say, "Hey, I'll help you out in this case of  killing everybody in the whole country". Wow, this is amazing. 73.1. Wow, of course. This is the saddest one because , so it's his ,. it's one of his last videos and it's only audio, but people are interested in what he had to say. I mean, we don't know where the hell he is. 
P: We don't know. We don't know if he is , we know he is dismembered. That, we know. But we don't know where the body is. We don't know know if it was thrown in acid. So we don't know anything. 
Which is the least one? School children. This is sad. Okay? This is very sad for Jordanian males to only watch this one because school children actually visit  floods. 21 dead and only 59 per cent are interested in story to watch. Sorry for my English.
P: 59 again swept away. 59 people. Come on. They're not interested in their own people, but they're interested in other people. I'm disappointed. Let me see this one. Al Jazeera Live. Al Jazeera English Live. 0 per cent. Wow. 
P: Huh? 
P: That is sad. The last 90 days. So it's August 6 to November 3. November 3. November 3. I am disappointed that they actually , that we didn't have any viewers. I'm shocked. 
P: Okay. 
P: Because they are more interested in the stories about the Middle East in .
In the same email, please write Youtube videos . One, right? Yes.
P: Okay, so I'm looking for , our target audience is men living in the United States ,
P:  ,and between 18 and 24. 
P: So demographics I think so. And male ,. viewers who are male and between 18 and 24. Here is it. So typically it's a good type of , it's a good ,. it's a large audience that we have. 
P: Male between 25 and 34; that is part  in the demographics. Should I just do something else? 
P: So I have to note ,.
P: Okay. 
P: Okay. So the demographics. What else? What else? What else should I do exactly? I'm looking for ,. oh, okay. So I want to learn how much time this audience is on my Youtube channel or how much time that they are consuming videos and watch all time. 
P: Yeah. Basically, those statistics are perfect. So average view duration.
P: Average percentage of viewers and watch time in total. 
P: I want to learn more about them. Okay. So watch time. It's typically 7% in males. 
P: Viewer gender. Okay. So for the males, in total, it's anyone . Okay. So who is looking at our videos? It's mostly male, men, and they are watching 81% of our videos. 
P: So that's in total for males. And if I just want to go deeper to the ages, it will be from here. Just one second. 18 to 24 for the males. Okay. So they are 78% of that category that are consuming our videos on Youtube. 
P: 78% 
P: And the Watch Time is typically 40%. Watch Time is 40%. 78% is male. Okay. What else? Okay, this category is watching. I want to see what kind of videos are they watching.
P: I want to see what kind of videos they are interested in. So how to get this information, I have to look at it. Okay. We have the males but we don't have so much . 
P: Yeah. They are fans of this video, this show. 
P: Yeah. It's . And the majority was male. 
P: They were males. We don't have females. We don't have females. We are sexist. I know. I know. We have to change that. We have to change that. 
P: Okay. So, typically, we are concentrated on males, but if I want to just do more marketing ,
P:  ,for that kind of niche between 18 and 24, I have to look at more details. I don't know where. Audience retention. Let's see the audience retention. No, we don't have so much details here in that category. So demographics is the best title. 
P: The watch time on average. Okay. I almost understood Celtic. For the watch time of those 74 million minutes watched it ,
P: We have between the 18 and 24 years of males ,. there is 30% of that total of minutes watched it. It's typically with that kind of niche that we are looking for. For the views, they are 30% of the total of views in our channel of that niche. 
P: Okay. 
P: So I will memorise this. 30%. Watch time in total and 30% in the views, time of views. And I will try to memorise again views each. No, these ones ,. okay, I am just a little bit confused the graphic ,
P:  ,and the numbers here. The viewer age is almost 40%. And here, if we look at the viewers ,.
P:  ,it's 30%.
P: Are you kidding me? The views in total; 76% of males aged between 18 and 24. Okay. So that's the number of viewers. Viewer age. That's the number of viewers. No, the viewers , yeah, the ,
P: Really? 
P: Oh shit. 
P: Wow, I want to learn more. 
P: I want to learn more. I am a little bit confused between the ,
P:  ,between the views and the number of men watching or , I don't know. 
P:  Okay. Are you kidding me? This one is an email to your team in which you describe the most important characteristics. If I intend to write an email for my team describing the most important characteristics, it will be with the screenshots. And it will be with the ,.
P: I have a bad memory.
P: Okay. Characteristics. Okay. So in brief, here are some stats about our target audience. Majority of our audience constitute men. Alright? So that's the first thing. Yes, I know we are sexist. The second point is they are looking for shows on our Youtube channel and not so much interested in news videos. Because we've seen that.
P: In the top of the list. 
P: It's where episodes from our shows. We have two shows; .
P: Sorry?
P: Oh yeah. Thank you. And those who are between 18 and 24  ,. I don't know. 30 or 40%, should I say. It was confusing between the graphic and the stats. 
P: So I mentioned 30. If I was writing the email ,.
P: So those who are between 18 and 40%  30%. 
P: I want to say they are constituting 30% ,. yeah, of the total watching time in our channel. So that's typically the three points that I can mention. 
P: And it can be more. 
P: Okay. So how confident are you that the most important characteristics were mentioned for the target group? I didn't understand the question correctly. 
P: From the three points?
P: Okay. The second one. They are looking for shows on our Youtube Channel.
P: I am 100% ,
P:  ,sure about that. 
P: So what do I have to do exactly? 
P: Yeah. For the second point, I'm really confident. The first one, we are sexist. I am confident. 
P: And the third one, those who are between 18 and 24 are constituting 30%. I am  um, confused about the statistics between the graph and the  results. So, I am here. 
P: I am here. Okay. In the same email, please write a Youtube video. Please write a Youtube video. 
P: How can I write a Youtube video? Title? 
P:  ,. that you think will resonate with a target group. In Arabic? 
P: Alright. Okay. 
P: You men are sexist. Here is why. 
P: Here is why. 
P: That's a good Youtube title for me. And just know it's not a news video. 
P: I'm just thinking about a Youtube video title ,.
P:  ,.in a satiric episode on our channel. We have a satiric episode called . It's very fantastic.
P: So that will be amazing if we can just put this to target that kind of audience. So this is drafted for our satiric shows. Alright? To be clear. 
P: 'You men are sexist. Here's why'. 
P: I would definitely view the video.
P:  ,.to increase audience engagement. You're making me do work ,yeah, makes that work. It's not interested in anything. I know. Okay. So it's the same thing. 
P: Okay. So  males 18 to 24. 
P: Why?
P: Thanks. Do you guys want to hire me? 
P: I'm joking. So I have done 18-24 male. 
P: Oh I am sorry. I am here.  don't want Al Jazeera. So this is male, 18-24. Watch time in total. Is that it? 73.4% of what? 
P: Okay. Estimated total minutes of viewing time of your content. 
P: I'm just trying to figure out. I just can't ,. like this doesn't tell me anything. The only thing it tells me is 73 , so it's supposed to be Watch Time, but it says 73.4%. Per cent of  what exactly. I don't get it. 
P: Of the total video? I don't know. It's weird. And also, it doesn't tell me what they're watching. It just tells me that males 18 to 24 in Jordan watch more Al Jazeera than females. So I'm just going to try and go to a . Tell me if my time is running out or something. 
P: Because you said 10 minutes max.
P: Okay. Alright. I'm right here. Watch Time. Okay. I am right here. I see  because I am from Jordan. Wow. Okay. So we're in the top 76 essentially. 
P:  
P: It's annoying me. I don't know anything. 
P: No, I mean this is not telling me anything or I just don't know how to do it. Let's go back one more. 
P: I'm stuck. I'm really annoyed. Audience retention. Let's see audience retention. That's one new thing. Jordan.
P: Yeah. Well, this makes a lot of sense. 
P: Seeing the most watched time. I'm not sure if I'm still in the correct age group. I know I'm in the correct country. 
P: We will use that for now. This is supposedly the most watched for , I guess this is Jordan in general. And it makes a lot of sense because , so the first thing is Al Jazeera Live which gets the most views on our website anyway. 
P: And then you have Saudi news which is relevant because Saudi is one of Jordan's biggest aids. And then everything else is super .This is weird but this should be in here.
P: Because it's completely ,. I would assume irrelevant to that demographic.
P: We have to do better. Okay. How confident are you? I'm very unconfident. 
P: What? 
P: What topics were the personas most interested in? 
P: I believe ,.
P: What!! Oh man! I don't know. 
P: I forgot the whole , Oh my God! That's the  video. What is something else you recall about the persona? 
P: That was one of the videos.
P: That was one of the comments. Oh Shit. 
P: That was one of the videos the target group was interested in. I think it's  or I don't even fucking remember it. That's all I've got. 
P: Yeah, that's what I said. 
P: No. What?
P: What? 
P: How long have you been here? 
P: You should have by now. This was very stressful.
P: I'm already sweating now. 
P: Five years. 
P: I am a digital producer with online programs. 
P: Five is the most difficult?
P: 4.5. It was difficult. I need more time.
P: Oh, that was cute. I'll go for 2.5. 
P: It's very stressful and very sweaty. That's good luck. Oh, is that one for me? 
P: Thank you. It's really cool. Hey, how are you? Thanks so much. Thank you. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you guys.
P: Okay.
P: Yes. 
P: I am not speaking. I'm just trying to know where I am. 
P: .
P:  people who know better. Can you help me with that? Okay. I know where people are coming from. 
P: Yeah. 
P: Why? Because I have no idea what I am doing. 

P: I am going to Jordan. What would I do with this? But that's the topic. Okay. Watch Time. So is this the demographic or is it ? 
P:  too much on Jordan. 
P: Yeah. That's an overall. I can't even remember what I'm supposed to do.
P: Yeah, I know. 
P: I'm obviously interested in duration because I do documentary stuff. 
P: I also like Youtube  it's not good enough to have clicks on it. 
P: So durations. Everybody watches the live stream that's streamed over. That's interesting  do this. 
P: I don't think I can do this. I don't know what to do. 
P: 77% male. So thaty was 90% of the videos. I don't know how long that is, but it doesn't matter. And it's 77%. Age Gender. Male. 80%.
P: I am not even memorising anything. 
P: I had to come here. That was not voluntary. Seriously. I am telling you.
P: I was asked to do it for whatever reason. Ok. Focus. 
P: Okay. I don't know where I clicked on.  Youtube watched pages. Not sure that's interesting. Traffic source may be interesting for me. No, I don't understand what that means so I'd go somewhere else. 
P: I know what it is, but I don't know how it relates to my , What happened now? 
P: Okay. I don't know anything about it. Great. What was it? It's like about 80%. I can't remember anything. Sorry.
P: I can't remember anything. I was supposed to but I don't. I don't know anything.
P: Actually. I'm not sure they're that important because they're not watching very long. 
P: . Watched five minutes. I remember that because I watched it. 
P: That was made by . 
P: Interesting. I know.  I can write about the . 
P: Just because I found like someone wants a .
P: Because this is not the purpose of the whole study.  story. Things like that. 
P: Things like we're always told that our typical user is only like , is very news-focused and like if they are ,. like it's interesting to see that they actually do enjoy a documentary , like interviews with like , in Malay. Like Malay  prime minister.
P: Yeah. Najib.
P: We did an interview with him and that was like in the list as well. 

P: But it's interesting that also people from Jordan watched it. 
P: It was a corruption story. So tell me. Do  like corruption? 
P: Like I really use this when it comes to data because I'm like I don't ,. like I'm really not  a lot of details, but I will not remember any data. I'm really sorry. 
P: It's just a different angle I'm taking. I am supposed to remember data and I am like, "Well, they like this film so which means we should do more of this".
P: I can't remember the numbers. They weren't that bad. I expected worse. But I cannot put in the number.
P: No, it's like the problem is like we see , I usually look at the website analytics. So I see view times there .
P: And there we have like . It is actually our platform from my content. 
P: There was something at 19% but I can't remember what that was. 
P: There are lots of subscriptions. I do not know. I didn't look at it. I should have been more focused. I am sorry. 
P: This is just not my type of thing. Wow. So I should just come up with something?
P:  Corruption. 

P: Alright. 
P: Yeah. Last 90 ,. so this is the number of minutes spent watching stuff in the last 90 days for this one individual?
P: Alright. 
P: Okay. Somebody who is between 18 and 20.. should I be thinking aloud now? 
P: Okay. Alright. Somebody between 18 and 24 would not be spending eight minutes on one video. They might spend  not seen anybody has the time or the mental capacity to spend all this energy focusing on one particular video. 
P: I would also say that the watch time ,. 
P: I need to find information from over here. 

P: All the group , okay. 
P: Browse all the groups.
P: Oh, right. Oh, I didn't know that. 
P: The demographics. Alright. Oh okay. Sweet. It's mostly males who watch Al Jazeera online. ,
P: Oh 18 to 24. 14% of our audiences are between the ages of 18 and 24 years old, the vast majority of whom are 73% male. Only 27% are female, which means that we're doing a horrible job of catering to the female audience.
P: It's not the lowest age group that we have audience wise. We do a bad job of appealing to 13 to 17 year olds. 
P: This might be due to the nature of what we broadcast. 
P: Imagine a 13 or 14 year-old will not be very interested in what's happened with Jamal Khashoggi. 
P: We're doing very bad as far as 25 to 34-year-old age group is concerned. They have more than double our audience. There might be something to be done in that area especially given the fact that most of , I mean the age segment between 18 to 24 have more free time on their hands and many tend to be college students. So I am surprised that college students don't have the time or aren't willing to tune in to the news as much as 25 to 34-year-olds.
P:  segment for each of these categories. More metrics. There is no average age. Am I looking at the wrong place? This is hard.
P: Can you give me any hints? 
P: Geography. The biggest audience we have is from U.S. Wow. Mostly English-speaking countries.  
P: Okay.
P: That's rough. It's rough, man.
P: It seems that the audience , I think I'm more confident on this even though it was a bit more difficult. 
P: I'll give myself a seven. 
P: I did not pay attention to that. Personas? 
P: Alright. 
P: I don't remember that. The topic was the one that was on the right? Jamal Khashoggi. What was one of the quotes? I don't remember one of the quotes. Something to do with Eastern European and Asian ,. sorry. This is , one of the videos was Jamal Khashoggi.
P: Oh it's nice. 
P: Male. Aged 26. 
P: Six months. 
P: Yeah. 
P: I write mostly.

P: Yeah. Yeah. I am a producer.
P: Five is the most difficult?
P: I'd say for the first one, two.
P: Three and a half.
P: Yeah. 
P: Yeah. 
P: I don't know. He seemed like very engaging. He seemed to like the stuff. Some of the stuff that he watched was very different so he wasn't stuck on one particular ,. He jumps from talking about women and ethnicity. He's talking about politics. He's talking about other stuff. So that's why I thought he's a dynamic person. 
P: Thanks a lot. 
P: Oh a new one.
P: I used to work with  
P: We were talking to .
P: Maybe you've .
P: Alright. Can you see me?
P: This is my target group. 
P: All these? 
P: , does that count as a view?
P: I'm not sure I'm getting this right, but I am looking at the views mostly. Not so much the watch time. 
P: I mean I think if I knew more about Youtube analytics, I would probably be interested in Watch Time versus the number of times it's . 
P: Then this isn't going to work. 
P: Yeah, I know. . This one was watched longer than this one. Where is my timer? 
P: Are you my timer? 
P: It's okay.
P: Yeah. Jordan is  in the geographic breakdown. 
P:  
P: Is this 19% the whole video?
P: Okay. You need to help me.
P:  here that is almost even. 
P: I don't know if .
P: Oh it's for A.J.E.
P: How many videos ? 
P: Interesting. Is this like some kind of tagging ? 
P: .
P:  No pressure. 
P: .
P: . 
P: But I didn't see any comments. 
P: .
P: A year .
P: I am a .
P: To use this test? 
P: I don't think it's difficult . Three. 
P: .
P: Alright. Thanks. 
P: Okay. 
P: The views.
P: Okay. I am just trying to have a look at everything that is here so I can know where to start from. 
P: Okay. So what he was assigned to do is ,
P: Males, 18 to 24 from U.S.
P: So I need to track that. Okay. So it seems what I am looking for. 
P: Okay. Actually, I'm not hundred percent sure. 
P: It's the percentage of men between 18 to 24. It's the thing I'm looking for. I can clearly see 18 to 24, male. I also don't have an idea about , what am I comparing this to? 
P: Okay. Can I go back? 
P: Okay.
P: Overview? 
P: Okay. I need also to select the country location. I am not sure of this. I am just trying to find what I am looking for. So I need to find males from U.S. I am not sure where I can select the country but I will try from here. It should be from here. United States. 
P: Okay. So I selected the U.S as requested.
P: But I am not sure how I can relate this to men from 18 to 25. So I am just trying to find these two information in one page.
P: So I am just to find the exact information  that request. 
P: Okay. I am sure it's here.
P: It should be here somewhere. Okay. Let me try. This should be , okay, I think I also ,. another chart. Okay. This will give me more details about the U.S states. Okay. I'll select the second so I can go back to where I was. Okay. Let me see. 
P: I'm trying to find actually the gender. 
P: Otherwise, the age. I'm not sure whether I could find this, but I'm trying. Comments. Views. I think I will go back to where I was. 
P: Okay. So this is the location, but how can I relate this to the gender and age? How can I do this? Let me go back to the overview. Okay. Is it because I selected the U.S? It appeared here. Okay. So I think this should be the percentage I'm looking for. Is it? 
P: This is for a specific video. I'm not sure it should be a campaign as it's set, right? 
P: Okay. So is there a specific video I should look for or ,.
P: Okay. 
P: Okay. There's no way I can go back here because it didn't give me the exact information I'm looking for. Okay. I will try again. It should be here somewhere. Okay. Average percentage, age ,.
P: Okay. I'm not sure what I can write exactly because I did not find the information I was looking for. So I can't give a description to them. 
P: It's something they are interested in so ,. I'm sure it's something that has to do with the question so ,
P: Okay. So next. 
P: Okay. 
P: This is what I'm thinking of. 
P: Okay. 
P: Yes. 
P: I'm looking at the Watch Time and I think it's based on age. Just 14 years, eighty-nine days. Seventeen years. Twenty four years. So we're looking at the age group from 18 to 25. 
P: We need to find that?
P: I am trying to look for that specific age group from that country. 
P: So it's kind of showing me our , days and times. It's not really , It's not clear. How do I find that? Male. 24. No, we are looking for 18 to 24. 
P: Let's see which , can we choose a country? I don't see Jordan. Sorry. I'm looking for a search tab where I can just type in the name of the country and find out because ,. there's Jordan. There's no save button. Okay. So age group that I chose was ,. so the female percentage is very low. 
P: So I am looking at ,. men in Jordan watch Al-Jazeera's Youtube more than women there. It's like 20%.  That's a huge significant difference. 
P: Yeah. Views. 
Males, 18 to 24 from Jordan.
P: Like the timings. What time do they watch that and why is there a huge difference?
P: I think I lost the country again because now I'm seeing other countries. Oh, there it is. Yeah. Can I use these? 
P: Oh there you go. This is the Watch Time. Minutes. It's not very specific in terms of timings. 
P: I am trying to understand why there are like such peaks. So it says eight days and 14 hours. So eight days of continuous watching of our stuff. What I'm looking for , what I found out is that the number of males in Jordan watch Youtube more than women. 
P: Why is the rest of the . Yeah, what else do I have to do? 
P: Okay. So the Watch Time is very low. Like the percentage of that. So most of the people don't really watch the entire thing, but then they just stop in between. Why is the number of males more in all the countries and less females? And we're looking at demographics. 
P: Oh okay. Well, I have never used this before.
P: Please write an email to be team in which you describe the most important characteristics. 
P: Yeah. 
P: And . As per my email ,
P: Oh right. Okay. 
P: Next. Your team is preparing a Youtube market campaign to increase audience engagement. In this campaign, it has been decided that you want to target men aged 18 to 24 from Jordan. Correct?
P:  ,Youtube analytics to learn more about this target group. Try to memorise as many of these as you can. Okay. So it's the same but it's from Jordan. 
P: Okay. Alright. 18 to 24. Jordan. Youtube analytics. 
P: Okay. 18 to 24. Jordan. 
P: Okay. Alright. So try and see like if this is the target group that they mentioned. 18 to 24 from Jordan.
P: Okay. 
P: Okay. So male from U.S.
P: I want the Jordan. But it's not  locations. Youtube Watch page. So I wouldn't say that this is the target group that they were mentioning. It's male. Yes. Okay. Let's check here. Yeah. There's nothing about Jordan here. Nothing that I would think someone who's from Jordan would be interested in. I don't see them being ineterested in that stuff. 
P: . I mean the walls of shame. United States, which explains that demographic. 
P: Views. Alright. Is this over time?
P: Average view duration. Eight minutes. Okay. That makes sense. Watch time has . Okay. Alright. Okay. So yeah, I don't see Jordan as part of this. 
P: Oh this side. Okay.
P: Great.  a lot of U.S news and Asia. Once again, the journalist , that's real time. That's what's happening now. 
P: Okay. Interesting. Great. So it's gone up in the last few days or the last few days of October. 
P: That's great. Journalist  as much by Watch Time. Very good. 10 minutes.
P: Of course. I would say that's an older guy.. Because they are like sitting in an Uber on their way out or something.
P: They don't really sit and watch. So the next page. . Let's turn one more page. Okay. So Live definitely is the much longer one, but I don't think that demographic is very interested in watching that. 
P: This one ,oh ,
P: Sorry.
P: I am going to go away from that one. What is Youtube Premium?
P: Is it like a fancy account or something? Youtube Premium. I actually have no idea.
P: Audience retention. Okay. So you can see roughly the percentage of the program was actually huge. People don't really watch more than halfway, give or take. Okay. 18 to 24. Watch Time. . Okay. Gender. More men than women. Good. That's to be expected.
P: We have a couple of like feel-good features that more women are interested in. But I think it's because it's mainly world news. 
P: It more attracts men. And I would probably say it attracts more people above 25, the highest being middle-aged, from 35 to 44 years, which makes sense. It's sort of like a generation just older than mine who are still interested in news. 

P: So that would make sense to me. May I know how ?
P: Oh no. Damn it. It was between eight and eleven minutes even when they are watching the longer videos. This is important to keep in mind as the longer programs have very low retention rates meaning much of longer videos goes unviewed. 
P:  in continuing to report on the matter. No, that's not going to work. I was just thinking about something and then my brain stopped. 
P: Just a second. It's coming back to me now. Okay. I can see that men in this age group are interested in watching videos from  of roughly less than 10 minutes are the most popular with this demographic. 
P: Okay. 202 . Good.
P: On what topics? The persona was interested in innovation and research and Iraq ? 
P: Two. Okay. What are some videos the persona was interested in? Videos about the murder of . Here we go. He is in sales. He does not like social media. 
P: This is the Youtube ,. I get it. 
P: Specifically, actually, the one video about the  in the U.S. 
P: What was one of the comments from the target group? I don't know. That was the topic. This was actually the specific video. 
P: What is something else you , okay. They are not interested in live broadcast. 
P: There we go. 
P: . 
P: Sure. 
P: Two years.
P: I am a . 
P:  three and a half, but I think if you know what you're doing and you know what you are looking for and you are familiar with the exercise, then it becomes easier. 
P: But it was a bit more difficult. 
P: Personas was easier for me. So I would say like two. 
P: It's a huge pleasure. Thank you very much.
P: That would be great. I will write down my email and my name for you guys. I didn't put it in the .
P: Okay.
P: I'm just scrolling down and looking at which time , average duration. I'm just trying to find out where I can locate , Okay, here we go. Geography , I need to look for Jordan. So, Jordanians tend to watch Al Jazeera live a lot.  
P: Okay, 18 to 24. Is there a way to like go first by gender and then by geography, or do I have to enter through geography first?
P: Okay. Here we go. So, demographics, 18 to 24. 
P: I've used like Google Analytics. And usually there's just like bars here where you can break things down, you can find , you can isolate it. Okay. Geography , There's no , “Find” doesn't work?
P: Yeah.
P: Okay. I'll search for , Okay, there we go. So, I guess like a very small percentage of our audience is Jordanian males between 18 to 24. Basically, I'm looking at how this has gone over the past few months. That seems to be kind of the same. So, I'm looking at the videos that they have watched. And it seems like they like , they've watched stuff that's news related, so the stuff we've done on the flooding. They've been interested in Malaysia, Saudi, yeah, Saudi and Israel. Is there a reason why this doesn't up to 100%?
P: Yeah, there's just basically not enough data. 
P: Okay, but, I mean, the filters are 18 to 24 male in Jordan. These are the top four that they have watched.
P: Oh, okay, so I've just moved it the wrong way. Okay. There we go. Okay. So, call it nine videos then. Okay. That's actually interesting. There's like a little bit of an uptick in 2017 in my traffic. There's like an uptick in 2015? 
P: I see that. What were they watching? Okay, they were watching one of the investigations with Boeing 787. Okay. And then there's another uptick in 2013, and that was about Syria. And then more recently , 2016 they've been interested in camels. Cairo. Egypt. Okay, so it seems like whenever we do something that's news related on Jordan, they would , oh, what happened? 
P: Oh, okay.
P: About , like the group you told me , 18-24 or my comments? 
P: You mean the target group or a ,?
P: Yeah, should I push next? It's the United States. Okay.
P: I'm gonna pick Jordan, the data related to Jordan, youth in Jordan. 
P: The segment has to be 18 to 24 years ,
P: I'm looking for Jordan youth, how is it doing in Jordan.
P: Okay, I'm looking for Jordan youth again, but I can't find youth, so I'm going in that tool , 
P: No device this time. Hardly anyone wants to be doing Jordan, so , The biggest segment that paused the video was 25 to 34 years, which does not fall in the category of 18 to 24. 
P: That was the end of demographic, so the next highest segment is 35 to 44 years. Mostly men, male, 18 to 24 years.
P: Yeah, but there is no Jordan here.
P: Sorry?
P: So, then the segment that we need to target? Jordan males, between 18 to 24 years, which is only 78% of the segment. 81,593 people in the demographic viewed this Al Jazeera image. The  was around a 81,500.
P: Jordan, the segment of 18 to 24 years watched the videos "
P: 
P: I’m trying to find out  , Don’t feel like this information is necessary.
P: It’s the way they’re displayed.  It think it would be easier if the metrics could be broken down. 
P: Why? The demographics , how I want it instead of  
P: Looks like they are working from their mobiles phones. 
P: I want to log into other options, but I don’t know how one would normally do it. 
P: I feel like all I know about them is they use mobile phones and care about chosen news , I still have no idea why they care about the Malaysia. 
P: I don’t know how is it possible to get this information out of YouTube. I’m just curious. 
P: Is this the first one? 
P: 
P: I did a month in London and a month in . 
P: Yes.
P: So, don’t judge me too much by social media.
P: Because I feel like I should have done better in the YouTube, etc.
P: So, I’m the Twitter team, so we push content on the Twitter media. And sometimes we manage Facebook, prepare social cards and social content.
P: Yes, it’s closer to social media manager. 
P: In all honesty I would give 5 on the scale on Google Analytics, YouTube Analytics is so hard. 
P: Yeah, so that’s what I’m saying in comparison to Google Analytics. What was the high? 
P: I’d say four ‘cause I’d like to put Google up one. 
P: Yes, I’ve used Google Analytics in the past, and it’s a lot easier, which is strange because it’s similar , it’s the same company, but it’s just easier to navigate. 
P: No, it was very easy , like it was very simple. It was very like basic. I mean the design is a bit too blocky, but the user’s face is fine. I think I got a bit frustrated when I couldn’t like find a way to save a profile. 
P: Oh, I clicked the heart.
P: I couldn’t find it. That was frustrating. So, I was like, “How do I save this information?” And then I think that scroll bar as well gave me the impression that I can scroll down. 
P: Yes, because I spent too much time trying to scroll down. 
P: It’s just the colour that look like that. I think it would be better if when you select it highlights it and then you’d know what options you have. 
P: No, it wasn’t difficult at all.
P: One.
P: When do we find out the results?
P: I was very frustrated about the scroll. 
P: I think you need that time to find a way to navigate to find that information ‘cause it’s a lot of information.
P: And that’s what I normally can do on Google Analytics. On Google I can go , if I’m tackling the source of where they came from, I can then break down the metrics of what part they came from, , gender.
P: It’s very strange. 
P: Okay. . What’s the difference?
P: Okay, So, why is it like so random? What’s the thought process behind it? 
P: Yes, yes, but you guys should have a mechanism  and then you give them to people, nice people. 
P: That’s what I do in scouts.
P: No.
P: Yes. 
P: So, I will find information about 18 to 24 year old Jordanian men, 
P: Right?
P: Okay, the first thing I try to do is I'll look at demographics. So, it is the 18 to 24 year old segment. I just need to see how to filter this. . Okay , geography , Jordan , I'm not an expert on YouTube Analytics.
P: . Okay, so it seems like one thing that was the 18 to 24 year olds , they don't watch as long videos as some of the older segments. So, they're essentially into shorter form content, I guess. The complete videos is far less as well compared again to all the seven groups. So, I guess they are potentially only into shorter form content. So, I see this , if I goes to devices , okay, this is for Jordan , so they watch the majority of their content on phones, which I guess make sense.
P: ? It seems that the majority of the kind of videos that they watch come from suggestive videos. 
P: Why? It seems like they , in the views , the watch time of these , they watch longer if it's a suggestive video. 
P: Okay, they search for footage they don't watch that much of, but if it says  on YouTube, they tend to watch more.
P: .
P: Time out? Okay, cool.
P: Please write an email to your team, which , . What was that ,? Remember the information I got from the Analytics? So, they watch on phones, prefer shorts of phone content , okay , there's a lot of characteristics. So, why this is important?
P: This is their main source of watching content. They prefer all sorts of short content. That's important. Are likely so stay engaged for long periods of time , are interested in live stream  Are you glad? 
P: Yeah?
P: Yeah. 
P: Okay, I’m looking here at geography and where people are from ‘cause we're looking for , we're targeting US, and I can't find anything here on the map. I can't find the US. And we're targeting males.
P: This is kind of , I don't know why are we looking at Hybrid? Maybe we can look at another channel? 
P: Okay, okay. I'm trying to look at somewhere where I can find our audience from the US but probably like this is the Hybrid channel and there are no audience from there.
P: Let me see which shows were watched. Let me review a bit earlier than the last 28 days. It's got a larger range this year. There are not subscribers. Last year , Are you sure we should be on Asia plus English? There wouldn’t be any subscribers on Hybrid desirable.
P: I'm saying if we're looking for audience in the U.S. on Kibrit, we wouldn't , I wouldn't find people there in the U.S. Like who would view the show? Everyone is like , I tried looking here and there was nothing.
P: I’m trying to look for people in the US within our audience range to see like what videos have been highly viewed for instance in the category and the topics of them, but I can't find the , I can't find any subscribers or viewers from the U.S. within my target audience.
P: Right, there we go. Wow. Amazing. This is my first time I used YouTube analytics that’s why I was just browsing trying to discover what’s happening here. I was pretty sure that it’s in there. 
P: This is what I was looking for. Looks like they’re from California. 93%. Most of them are males. Okay. And it looks like California is the highest. 
P: Watch time , They have put these in the top 5. 
P:So 2.9% is the watch time minutes, okay , I’ll click here and see what happens. 
P: 25 - 34. This is what we're looking for.
P: So 85% of our males, our male audiences between 18 to 24 , and this is the age group we've been looking for.
P: I'm just trying to discover , some of them are .
P: I’m confused ,
P: Salit is a show and I think it kind of congregates all the seasons of the show over here and tells us like some insights for instance here 25 to 34 is the most viewed for this show , of age group of 25 to 34. 
P: Earlier I just selected that show because I was looking for the demographics, but I didn't find it. So I was just browsing through. I didn't know where to find them. 
P: Yeah, because it was top. Like I can see that California was the top state like , Oh , 
P: I don’t have time?
P: But I don't know anything. 
P: So, there is no way I can go back to anything. 
P: Was it written on the consent thing about time or something?  
P: More opinionated ,  Same , 
P: Okay , Personas.. Asians 24. Male is 10%. 
P: Okay, just seeing how much they watch right now from Jordan in terms of , So, we’re seeing Jordan are basically watching 0.1% of our videos right now. They are generally males.  
P: So, people from Jordan are really commenting in terms of the number of comments that are there.  always features high everywhere, so sex sells, aye? I mean, that’s generally , you see that everywhere. 
P: Yeah, exactly, exactly. It’s the top , some of these. For me, increase this. Top 10. But interesting , So , so they, so they , okay. That’s one thing - we need to make sure that our videos come up on the suggested source ‘cause that's what metrics are coming through. 
P: Browse , and they’re watching also , these are people who are coming to the YouTube site. They're searching for content, and that’s the browse feature. So, they're looking at what YouTube is presenting. 
P: Definitely coming on and viewing the livestream. That's the main thing people are coming on to view. So, but interesting , even though they're viewing the livestream, they’re only viewing the outreach of five and a half minutes. So they kind of don’t have much time to view each video. Interesting. And so even if it comes to the suggestive videos, they're probably flicking through videos. And in terms of the actual size it’s really not that big. that shorts size. They only make about three, four, five, six percent, seven percent of our livestream views, and the last 90 days not making much money out of them. So, the main thing is to push the livestream and then push content, which is more relevant to the Middle East. Obviously  so news things generally.
P: So , we can say definitely livestream , youtube site , They’re not going to the other sites to view the content. They’re going straight to YouTube to view the content. So, we need to push more there in different places. I’ve got more insights from here than I’ve gotten from other places. 
P:  I’m more confident about this one because it was YouTube. 
P: From the Jordanian one?
P: From the first one?
P:  Can I put that?
P:  they put six men as well , Comments , 
P: Two years.
P: I’m the product manager for Al Jazeera English. 
P: I was doing a lot more searching, clicking a lot more buttons to find the information that I needed, whereas in the other one it was straight in front of me. Here's the persona. In the other one, it gave me some information. As I said regarding that list of videos, to be honest I just go confused with it, with what it was, so I didn’t follow it. It was kind of like more of showing . So, that for me was a bit confusing. So, if I could just say, this persona, here's all the videos they like, here’s the titles that work, you know, here’s how much they watched those videos. Well, one of the things which youtube showed straight away was like how much, how often they come here and watch, where they're watching from, and how much of the video they're watching. So, for me it's important because ,for example, for me to do, we focus on like, for example, embedding content into our website, when we focus on just marketing to YouTube directly. Do you know what I mean? So, Youtube gave me more of those insights in terms of how do we , in terms of the business , how do we focus.
P: Whereas the Persona itself was nice, but it didn't give me a lot , The overall, which is what I'm more interested in, the YouTube gave me that ,, whereas if you're creating a video then I think there's a bit in both in terms of just generally ,  generally knowing how long a video should be or what people are watching and things like that. YouTube gave that permission. But the Persona doesn’t let you see, okay, these are the things they're interested in. These are what kind of comments they are making. Same thing with the YouTube. I couldn't find the comments , I could just see the number of comments that are made.
P: Whereas in the other system it showed me the actual comments. It's interesting because you get insight. 
P: And weaknesses as well. If you can combine the two together, then that would be great. 
P: Five being most difficult? 
P: I'll say I'll give it a three, three and a half. Just trying to find.. once , once you've gotten in to the screen, then it was fairly okay. Yeah, but it's just finding that information that was difficult. 
P: Persona was very easy. I'll give it a two, but again so , .
P: Oh, okay.
P: But it wasn't , it wasn't that obvious. It's just because I was clicking around and I saw it. 
P: Yeah, I know those difficulties myself. 
P: Thank you. Thank you.
P: Thank you very much. Good luck with this. 
P: Thank you very much.
P: Okay. 
P:  No idea , 18 to 24, right? 
P: They seem to be mostly interested in politics from their own region. Turkey crisis  an English language regional news organization. 
P: Well, they spent the longest time in my spiritual journals I guess , music , then comes pigeon vessels , but the political stories , left the video early , 
P: Okay, that's about it I guess.
P:  
P: 
P: Okay.  
P: Oh, this is for the Jordanian?
P: Okay ,  , news , Jordan , reach , saw the videos uploaded via system.
P: Three years. 
P: Edit opinion pieces.
P: Oh, it was easy, you know. It was the first time I tried it and it looks almost  ,. 
P: I'll take two. 
P: I’d say kinda two. That's the easiest to understand.
P: That's all?
P: Oh, I live in London, so I'm probably am not going to get to use it. But I'll give it to someone. 
P: laurab@aljazeera.net. 
P: Oh, that's great 'cause I'm actually from the 
P: Yeah.
P: Okay. 
P: So, I'll be looking with your permission and thinking aloud.
P: Do I like this type it or do I ,? I don't know.  
P: Okay.
P:  Oh, this is really like a person. 
P: And I'm thinking aloud so that you can get the audio recording?
P: Oh, ok. 
P: Calibration of eye-tracking device , please identify the target group and learn as much as possible. It's independent world. From Jordan. The maximum viewing time is ten minutes.
P: Oh. 
P: Okay, and so there will be a dot. Just follow that once it appears.
P: Mr. Tony , 
P: This is when I start thinking aloud? 
P: Okay, so this is the page I see every day, when I'm going to do some things.
P: Okay, so you can see that AJ is predominantly male targeting, or at least our consumers are male. But I'm supposed to look for Jordan, which is something I've never done before. Oh, okay. Here's a list of countries. I'm going to ,  I'm going to search Jordan. So, for the past 90 days for Jordan, we can see that the watch time is 537 350 minutes. That's one year in seven days. But I need to get age and gender. Maybe I should go into demographics? I think that would help. Okay, so this shows age and gender , So, this is really helpful , Oh, I can still go to Jordan, so I don't think we need to look at past 90 days specifically. So, I'm just going to the lifetime. Because 90 days is a very arbitrary number. 
P: Jordan lifetime , I'm getting , Oh, I'm getting the three details I'm getting , I needed to see which is nationality, the gender and the age, and I need 18 to 24, but this is 25 to 34. It's not exactly what I'm looking for. It doesn't seem to give me an option to change this or maybe  gender. Is there a passage? Searchable content , Not really helpful.  
P: So, I'm supposed to memorize this place? Between 18 and 24 - 16% are male. 5% are female  , Oh, they're also the most active group in terms of age. So, sorry , let put it back to before. They're not the most active group. They're the second most active age demographic who watches the , who consumes content from AJ Asia channel, so more males who watch , watch the , I mean go through AJ channel than female, and 18 to 24 is second highest, but we seem to be more popular for 25 to 34.
P: Not too many I would say. I am not sure but ,
P: This is self-regulated time or does it like turn off? 
P: Okay , I want to know like what kind of content is most popular to this demographic, but I don't know if that is the option.
P: I'm going to traffic sources to see if they're using their phone or their laptop, but I have a strong feeling I cannot see this data using the demographic , yeah, I'll try it. So, I'm going to just go back. One thing that I can't optimize the search for Jordanian men from 18 to 24. Okay, so I'll just go back. It's hard to get a lot of detail ,
P: There's a video section. Maybe it'll show the top videos that are good?
P: They seem to consume Al Jazeera English live stream most , And then the video for the entire Jordan, not specifically for that age group, is a video about Egypt sports on pigeon battles, and I'm interested because I would assume that because they're Jordanians the top video from that country would be something about Jordan, but it's about , it's some random topic about some sports in Egypt. Pigeon battles. Okay. But this is just this year. Oh, but this shows that the second most viewed video was a video of Jordan floods and then some politics. So, pigeon battles from Egypt was number one. Top two is Jordan floods that killed twenty-two school children, and then politics , More floods. So, they seem to care about , Oh, time's up. 
P:  
P: Do I start to think aloud? 
P: Okay, so Jordanian men from age 18 to 24 are the second most active demographic compared to other age groups. Jordan is first one. Jordan , Jordanian men from age 18 to 24 more active subscribers or viewers from all age groups are more active subscribers or viewers compared to their counterparts , to the women , second. The most popular video for them was AJ E live, and the second most viewed was  about Egypt's pigeon battling video, and top three was about Jordan floods. Explain why they're important. 
P: Popularity based on age is important because we can tell that those who are 25 to 31, I think, are more interested in our content compared to the 18 to 24 'cause it can help us create content targeting the younger age and gender. The gender aspect is important because we know how to do that, but we're not doing a great job of it, providing content that are interesting to women.
P: And thirdly, now that we know, we know that AJE live is the most popular, or almost the most popular. This tell us in short this also spells the important of making sure that there is no technical glitch for our audience in Jordan. But sometimes selection just stops working.  
P: On Internet connection.  
P: Another thing we know that all of them are watching Doc the most. We need to always ensure that there is no Internet issue.  
P: And since we can see that Jordanians are interested in stories about Egypt, we should include , This helps us to push Egyptian content that may appeal to Jordanians.   
P:    
P: Pretty confident, but not too much because the last one about the most popular video was not specific to age, I think. No, he wasn't. So, I'm just going to put and ask button. 
P:  resonate with the target group. Usually when I'm writing a video title I get a script and I get to watch the video that I'm writing.
P: So, they're interested in pigeon battles. Okay. They're also interested in Jordan floods. So, maybe there could be a very good interesting duet analyzing waterfall . Because they can fathom  what happened, but they don't know what happened.
P: Maybe. Maybe , Can I click next?
P: I don't need to ?
P: 
P: What I'm doing? 
P: Ages 18 to 24 from United States. So, we can here then click location the United States. Last 28 days and make it last 20 days. 
P: Okay. As there is a consume from United States for our content, so target is between 24 , so, the selection of our target , male. We have 82% males that consume our content. So, here we have our videos consumed by the audience from USA . So, we looked here and we saw that the most percentage consumes the scientific shows.
P: We have a good percentage that consumes the political shows. So, here is some data  at YouTube search compared to these videos. We can use it for ad placement. And we know what devices they are using. So, views is ,  58% is coming from mobile. 20% coming from computer. The rest come from TV. 
P: So, let's check retention of our content. It's 76%. Top 10 scientific videos. That's great , Source , device , I will check if they have subscribed to our channel or no. So, last 90 days we got thousand subscribers. Subscribed users are almost 50%.  This number is not accurate. This is wrong.
P: Why? Because it's here saying it's 3% from watched time - men. Go back to here. And there the men are 78%. We chose men because it didn't want to give you specific numbers. So, YouTube doesn't give you any specific numbers about the reality.
P: We didn't like. But the older is right. So, this order , yeah , so here more men consume this content than this, but here it's like , but what is second pane for? It's for to , to market this?
P: Yeah, okay , So, I have to go to retension, and I need to check which option is consumed more from this target audience from here. It's like a profile for Hitler. Yeah, it's profile. So, this , more views from this audience. Sometimes I want to know , I want to look for how many people living in California. I need some market research for these cities, so I can , we I come to run a campaign for this audience, I can , I can split it by cities or ,? It's more work , 61% of this  file from Hitler, and did not attract a lot of users. I don't know what to mean ,
 Sir, I can write in any way here? 
P: So, I have to ,?
P: I'm trying to see how I can find the another analysis , analysis , analytics.
P: So, okay , hmmm ,  , top , geographic , United States , okay , I have no idea , Yes, I'm here ,
P: I'm trying to figure out how I can find the data about the target audience, but I cannot , I'm not used to this , to do this. 
P: , so back to the United States , maybe ,
P: I opened more metrics, but I'm trying to figure out.
P: Looks like it's not here. Where can I find the target audience? It's supposed to be here? Okay. I'm trying to go more , I clicked on New York. It gives me average view duration of the time , no , hmmm , Changed , the same , what next? I have to stay here?
P: Yeah, but I don't have age and I don't have ,
P: Audience reaction, retention , watch time , view ,. no ,. comment , maybe here ,? Overview , No, we're back to the , United States , My time is over?
